#NAME?																																																					
YEAR!	https://t.co/bHoPDPQ7G6																																																				
countries	are	calling	wanting	to	know	why	Senator	Schumer	is	not	approving	their	otherwise	approved	Ambassadors!?	Likewise	in	Government	lawyers	and	others	are	being	delayed	at	a	record	pace!	360	great	and	hardworking	people	are	waiting	for	approval	from....															
more	than	a	year	longer	than	any	other	Administration	in	history.	These	are	people	who	have	been	approved	by	committees	and	all	others	yet	Schumer	continues	to	hold	them	back	from	serving	their	Country!	Very	Unfair!																		
how	Democrats	can	all	use	their	ridiculous	sound	bite	and	say	that	a	Wall	doesn’t	work.	It	does	and	properly	built	almost	100%!	They	say	it’s	old	technology	-	but	so	is	the	wheel.	They	now	say	it	is	immoral-	but	it	is	far	more	immoral	for	people	to	be	dying!			
the	Oval	Office.	Democrats	come	back	from	vacation	now	and	give	us	the	votes	necessary	for	Border	Security	including	the	Wall.	You	voted	yes	in	2006	and	2013	One	more	yes	but	with	me	in	office	I’ll	get	it	built	and	Fast!												
the	Oval	Office.	Democrats	come	back	from	vacation	now	and	give	us	the	votes	necessary	for	Border	Security	including	the	Wall.	You	voted	yes	in	2006	and	3013	One	more	yes	but	with	me	in	office	I’ll	get	it	built	and	Fast!												
the	only	person	in	America	who	could	say	that	“I’m	bringing	our	great	troops	back	home	with	victory”	and	get	BAD	press.	It	is	Fake	News	and	Pundits	who	have	FAILED	for	years	that	are	doing	the	complaining.	If	I	stayed	in	Endless	Wars	forever	they	would	still	be	unhappy!				
on	Border	Security	which	you	cannot	have	without	a	strong	and	powerful	Wall.	Our	Southern	Border	has	long	been	an	“Open	Wound”	where	drugs	criminals	(including	human	traffickers)	and	illegals	would	pour	into	our	Country.	Dems	should	get	back	here	an	fix	now!											
results	are	FAR	BETTER	than	I	ever	said	they	were	going	to	be!	I	campaigned	against	the	NEVER	ENDING	WARS	remember!																																	
on	getting	out	of	Syria	and	other	places.	Now	when	I	start	getting	out	the	Fake	News	Media	or	some	failed	Generals	who	were	unable	to	do	the	job	before	I	arrived	like	to	complain	about	me	&amp;	my	tactics	which	are	working.	Just	doing	what	I	said	I	was	going	to	do!	
but	Donald	Trump	did	what	I	did	in	Syria	which	was	an	ISIS	loaded	mess	when	I	became	President	they	would	be	a	national	hero.	ISIS	is	mostly	gone	we’re	slowly	sending	our	troops	back	home	to	be	with	their	families	while	at	the	same	time	fighting	ISIS	remnants......					
concrete	Wall	was	NEVER	ABANDONED	as	has	been	reported	by	the	media.	Some	areas	will	be	all	concrete	but	the	experts	at	Border	Patrol	prefer	a	Wall	that	is	see	through	(thereby	making	it	possible	to	see	what	is	happening	on	both	sides).	Makes	sense	to	me!							
Mrs.	Obama	built/has	a	ten	foot	Wall	around	their	D.C.	mansion/compound.	I	agree	totally	necessary	for	their	safety	and	security.	The	U.S.	needs	the	same	thing	slightly	larger	version!																									
by	my	Administration	over	the	holidays	to	save	Coast	Guard	pay	during	this	#SchumerShutdown.	No	thanks	to	the	Democrats	who	left	town	and	are	not	concerned	about	the	safety	and	security	of	Americans!																					
President	Trump’s	handling	of	Border	Security	-	62%	Approval	Rating.	On	being	a	strong	leader	-	59%.		AP	Poll.	Thank	you!																																
out	to	be	TRUE	now	that	the	Department	of	Justice	and	the	FBI	under	President	Obama	rigged	the	investigation	for	Hillary	and	really	turned	the	screws	on	Trump	and	now	it	looks	like	in	a	corrupt	&amp;	illegal	way.	The	facts	are	out	now.	Whole	Hoax	exposed.	@JesseBWatters						
(on	Russian	Collusion).	Kimberley	Strassel	The	Wall	Street	Journal.	The	Russian	Collusion	fabrication	is	the	greatest	Hoax	in	the	history	of	American	politics.	The	only	Russian	Collusion	was	with	Hillary	and	the	Democrats!																					
being	called	“THE	YEAR	OF	THE	WORKER”	by	Steve	Moore	co-author	of	“Trumponomics.”	It	was	indeed	a	great	year	for	the	American	Worker	with	the	“best	job	market	in	50	years	and	the	lowest	unemployment	rate	ever	for	blacks	and	Hispanics	and	all	workers.	Big	wage	gains.”							
that	naively	ask	why	didn’t	the	Republicans	get	approval	to	build	the	Wall	over	the	last	year	it	is	because	IN	THE	SENATE	WE	NEED	10	DEMOCRAT	VOTES	and	they	will	gives	us	“NONE”	for	Border	Security!	Now	we	have	to	do	it	the	hard	way	with	a	Shutdown.	Too	bad!	@FoxNews		
question	were	very	sick	before	they	were	given	over	to	Border	Patrol.	The	father	of	the	young	girl	said	it	was	not	their	fault	he	hadn’t	given	her	water	in	days.	Border	Patrol	needs	the	Wall	and	it	will	all	end.	They	are	working	so	hard	&amp;	getting	so	little	credit!			
of	children	or	others	at	the	Border	are	strictly	the	fault	of	the	Democrats	and	their	pathetic	immigration	policies	that	allow	people	to	make	the	long	trek	thinking	they	can	enter	our	country	illegally.	They	can’t.	If	we	had	a	Wall	they	wouldn’t	even	try!	The	two.....							
a	long	and	very	good	call	with	President	Xi	of	China.	Deal	is	moving	along	very	well.	If	made	it	will	be	very	comprehensive	covering	all	subjects	areas	and	points	of	dispute.	Big	progress	being	made!																		
in	the	White	House	waiting	for	the	Democrats	to	come	on	over	and	make	a	deal	on	Border	Security.	From	what	I	hear	they	are	spending	so	much	time	on	Presidential	Harassment	that	they	have	little	time	left	for	things	like	stopping	crime	and	our	military!								
Angry	Democrats	recently	deleted	approximately	19000	Text	messages	between	FBI	Agent	Lisa	Page	and	her	lover	Agent	Peter	S.	These	Texts	were	asked	for	and	INVALUABLE	to	the	truth	of	the	Witch	Hunt	Hoax.	This	is	a	total	Obstruction	of	Justice.	All	Texts	Demanded!										
to	Sean	Parnell	for	the	nice	comments	on	@foxandfriends	about	the	troops	wonderful	reaction	to	Melania	and	I	in	Iraq	and	Germany.	Great	things	are	happening!																												
and	El	Salvador	are	doing	nothing	for	the	United	States	but	taking	our	money.	Word	is	that	a	new	Caravan	is	forming	in	Honduras	and	they	are	doing	nothing	about	it.	We	will	be	cutting	off	all	aid	to	these	3	countries	-	taking	advantage	of	U.S.	for	years!					
Southern	Border.	Bring	our	car	industry	back	into	the	United	States	where	it	belongs.	Go	back	to	pre-NAFTA	before	so	many	of	our	companies	and	jobs	were	so	foolishly	sent	to	Mexico.	Either	we	build	(finish)	the	Wall	or	we	close	the	Border......											
States	looses	soooo	much	money	on	Trade	with	Mexico	under	NAFTA	over	75	Billion	Dollars	a	year	(not	including	Drug	Money	which	would	be	many	times	that	amount)	that	I	would	consider	closing	the	Southern	Border	a	“profit	making	operation.”	We	build	a	Wall	or.....									
be	forced	to	close	the	Southern	Border	entirely	if	the	Obstructionist	Democrats	do	not	give	us	the	money	to	finish	the	Wall	&amp;	also	change	the	ridiculous	immigration	laws	that	our	Country	is	saddled	with.	Hard	to	believe	there	was	a	Congress	&amp;	President	who	would	approve!							
others	within	the	Fake	News	Universe	were	going	wild	about	my	signing	MAGA	hats	for	our	military	in	Iraq	and	Germany.	If	these	brave	young	people	ask	me	to	sign	their	hat	I	will	sign.	Can	you	imagine	my	saying	NO?	We	brought	or	gave	NO	hats	as	the	Fake	News	first	reported!	
about	the	Wall	everybody	knows	that	a	Wall	will	work	perfectly	(In	Israel	the	Wall	works	99.9%).	This	is	only	about	the	Dems	not	letting	Donald	Trump	&amp;	the	Republicans	have	a	win.	They	may	have	the	10	Senate	votes	but	we	have	the	issue	Border	Security.	2020!						
“The	American	people	understand	that	we	have	been	played	by	foreign	actors	who	would	rather	have	us	fight	their	battles	for	them.	The	President	says	look	this	is	your	neighborhood	you’ve	got	to	stand	up	to	protect	yourselves.	Don’t	always	look	to	America.”											
“The	American	people	understand	that	we	have	been	played	by	foreign	actors	who	would	rather	have	us	fight	their	battles	for	them.	The	Pesident	says	look	this	is	your	neighborhood	you’ve	got	to	stand	up	to	protect	yourselves.	Don’t	always	look	to	America.”											
agree!	https://t.co/KO8E3bfWfn																																																				
right	now	a	full	scale	manhunt	going	on	in	California	for	an	illegal	immigrant	accused	of	shooting	and	killing	a	police	officer	during	a	traffic	stop.	Time	to	get	tough	on	Border	Security.	Build	the	Wall!																		
Agents	want	the	Wall.”	Democrat’s	say	they	don’t	want	the	Wall	(even	though	they	know	it	is	really	needed)	and	they	don’t	want	ICE.	They	don’t	have	much	to	campaign	on	do	they?	An	Open	Southern	Border	and	the	large	scale	crime	that	comes	with	such	stupidity!							
the	DACA	for	Wall	deal	didn’t	get	done	was	that	a	ridiculous	court	decision	from	the	9th	Circuit	allowed	DACA	to	remain	thereby	setting	up	a	Supreme	Court	case.	After	ruling	Dems	dropped	deal	-	and	that’s	where	we	are	today	Democrat	obstruction	of	the	needed	Wall.							
OBSTRUCTION	of	the	desperately	needed	Wall	where	they	almost	all	recently	agreed	it	should	be	built	is	exceeded	only	by	their	OBSTRUCTION	of	350	great	people	wanting	&amp;	expecting	to	come	into	Government	after	being	delayed	for	more	than	two	years	a	U.S.	record!										
the	DACA	for	Wall	deal	didn’t	get	done	was	that	a	ridiculous	court	decision	from	the	9th	Circuit	allowed	DACA	to	remain	thereby	setting	up	a	Supteme	Court	case.	After	ruling	Dems	dropped	deal	-	and	that’s	where	we	are	today	Democrat	obstruction	of	the	needed	Wall.							
Democrats	finally	realized	that	we	desperately	need	Border	Security	and	a	Wall	on	the	Southern	Border.	Need	to	stop	Drugs	Human	TraffickingGang	Members	&amp;	Criminals	from	coming	into	our	Country.	Do	the	Dems	realize	that	most	of	the	people	not	getting	paid	are	Democrats?										
from	visiting	our	troops	in	Iraq	and	Germany.	One	thing	is	certain	we	have	incredible	people	representing	our	Country	-	people	that	know	how	to	win!																												
and	I	were	honored	to	visit	our	incredible	troops	at	Al	Asad	Air	Base	in	Iraq.	GOD	BLESS	THE	U.S.A.!	https://t.co/rDlhITDvm1																																	
everyone	even	the	Fake	News	Media	is	having	a	great	Christmas!	Our	Country	is	doing	very	well.	We	are	securing	our	Borders	making	great	new	Trade	Deals	and	bringing	our	Troops	Back	Home.	We	are	finally	putting	America	First.	MERRY	CHRISTMAS!		#MAGA											
																																																					
in	the	Oval	Office	&amp;	just	gave	out	a	115	mile	long	contract	for	another	large	section	of	the	Wall	in	Texas.	We	are	already	building	and	renovating	many	miles	of	Wall	some	complete.	Democrats	must	end	Shutdown	and	finish	funding.	Billions	of	Dollars	&amp;	lives	will	be	saved!					
briefing	with	my	team	working	on	North	Korea	–	Progress	being	made.	Looking	forward	to	my	next	summit	with	Chairman	Kim!	https://t.co/zPTtDbrP0o																																
all	alone	(poor	me)	in	the	White	House	waiting	for	the	Democrats	to	come	back	and	make	a	deal	on	desperately	needed	Border	Security.	At	some	point	the	Democrats	not	wanting	to	make	a	deal	will	cost	our	Country	more	money	than	the	Border	Wall	we	are	all	talking	about.	Crazy!			
has	now	agreed	to	spend	the	necessary	money	needed	to	help	rebuild	Syria	instead	of	the	United	States.	See?	Isn’t	it	nice	when	immensely	wealthy	countries	help	rebuild	their	neighbors	rather	than	a	Great	Country	the	U.S.	that	is	5000	miles	away.	Thanks	to	Saudi	A!								
is	different	than	the	25	Billion	Dollars	in	Border	Security.	The	complete	Wall	will	be	built	with	the	Shutdown	money	plus	funds	already	in	hand.	The	reporting	has	been	inaccurate	on	the	point.	The	problem	is	without	the	Wall	much	of	the	rest	of	Dollars	are	wasted!							
“lashed	out”	at	the	Acting	Attorney	General	of	the	U.S.	a	man	for	whom	I	have	great	respect.	This	is	a	made	up	story	one	of	many	by	the	Fake	News	Media!																						
problem	our	economy	has	is	the	Fed.	They	don’t	have	a	feel	for	the	Market	they	don’t	understand	necessary	Trade	Wars	or	Strong	Dollars	or	even	Democrat	Shutdowns	over	Borders.	The	Fed	is	like	a	powerful	golfer	who	can’t	score	because	he	has	no	touch	-	he	can’t	putt!					
RESPECTED	AGAIN!																																																				
of	the	sympathizers	out	there	of	Brett	McGurk	remember	he	was	the	Obama	appointee	who	was	responsible	for	loading	up	airplanes	with	1.8	Billion	Dollars	in	CASH	&amp;		sending	it	to	Iran	as	part	of	the	horrific	Iran	Nuclear	Deal	(now	terminated)	approved	by	Little	Bob	Corker.						
substantially	subsidizing	the	Militaries	of	many	VERY	rich	countries	all	over	the	world	while	at	the	same	time	these	countries	take	total	advantage	of	the	U.S.	and	our	TAXPAYERS	on	Trade.	General	Mattis	did	not	see	this	as	a	problem.	I	DO	and	it	is	being	fixed!							
few	Senators	who	think	I	don’t	like	or	appreciate	being	allied	with	other	countries	they	are	wrong	I	DO.	What	I	don’t	like	however	is	when	many	of	these	same	countries	take	advantage	of	their	friendship	with	the	United	States	both	in	Military	Protection	and	Trade...								
Democrat	we	are	dealing	with	today	strongly	supported	a	Border	Wall	or	Fence.	It	was	only	when	I	made	it	an	important	part	of	my	campaign	because	people	and	drugs	were	pouring	into	our	Country	unchecked	that	they	turned	against	it.	Desperately	needed!											
of	Turkey	has	very	strongly	informed	me	that	he	will	eradicate	whatever	is	left	of	ISIS	in	Syria....and	he	is	a	man	who	can	do	it	plus	Turkey	is	right	“next	door.”	Our	troops	are	coming	home!																	
has	been	remarkable.	I	do	not	doubt	that	he	will	thrive	in	this	new	environment	and	he	will	be	a	constant	reminder	of	what	populism	is.”	Thank	you	to	Tammy	Bruce	and	Steve	Hilton.	Presidential	Harassment	has	been	with	me	from	the	beginning!											
important	way	to	stop	gangs	drugs	human	trafficking	and	massive	crime	is	at	our	Southern	Border.	We	need	Border	Security	and	as	EVERYONE	knows	you	can’t	have	Border	Security	without	a	Wall.	The	Drones	&amp;	Technology	are	just	bells	and	whistles.	Safety	for	America!										
just	told	a	group	of	people	and	me	that	he	has	been	in	the	U.S.	Senate	for	32	years	and	the	last	two	have	been	by	far	the	best	&amp;	most	productive	of	his	career.	Tax	&amp;	Regulation	Cuts	VA	Choice	Farm	Bill	Criminal	Justice	Reform	Judgeships	&amp;	much	more.	Great!			
not	be	the	job	of	America	to	replace	regimes	around	the	world.	This	is	what	President	Trump	recognized	in	Iraq	that	it	was	the	biggest	foreign	policy	disaster	of	the	last	several	decades	and	he’s	right...The	generals	still	don’t	get	the	mistake.”		@RandPaul										
	“I	am	very	proud	of	the	President.	This	is	exactly	what	he	promised	and	I	think	the	people	agree	with	him.	We’ve	been	at	war	too	long	and	in	too	many	places...spent	several	trillion	dollars	on	these	wars	everywhere.	He’s	different...that’s	why	he	got	elected.”								
was	responsible	for	giving	us	the	horrible	Iran	Nuclear	Deal	which	I	ended	yet	he	badmouths	me	for	wanting	to	bring	our	young	people	safely	back	home.	Bob	wanted	to	run	and	asked	for	my	endorsement.	I	said	NO	and	the	game	was	over.	#MAGA	I	LOVE	TENNESSEE!						
Corker	just	stated	that	“I’m	so	priveledged	to	serve	in	the	Senate	for	twelve	years	and	that’s	what	I	told	the	people	of	our	state	that’s	what	I’d	do	serve	for	two	terms.”	But	that	is	Not	TRUE	-	wanted	to	run	but	poll	numbers	TANKED	when	I	wouldn’t	endorse	him.....			
two	pieces	of	major	legislation	this	week	Criminal	Justice	Reform	and	the	Farm	Bill.	These	are	two	Big	Deals	but	all	the	Fake	News	Media	wants	to	talk	about	is	“the	mistake”	of	bringing	our	young	people	back	home	from	the	Never	Ending	Wars.	It	all	began	19	years	ago!				
from	the	tsunami	disaster	in	Indonesia.	More	than	two	hundred	dead	and	nearly	a	thousand	injured	or	unaccounted	for.	We	are	praying	for	recovery	and	healing.	America	is	with	you!																								
had	a	long	and	productive	call	with	President	@RT_Erdogan	of	Turkey.	We	discussed	ISIS	our	mutual	involvement	in	Syria	&amp;	the	slow	&amp;	highly	coordinated	pullout	of	U.S.	troops	from	the	area.	After	many	years	they	are	coming	home.	We	also	discussed	heavily	expanded	Trade.									
pleased	to	announce	that	our	very	talented	Deputy	Secretary	of	Defense	Patrick	Shanahan	will	assume	the	title	of	Acting	Secretary	of	Defense	starting	January	1	2019	Patrick	has	a	long	list	of	accomplishments	while	serving	as	Deputy	&amp;	previously	Boeing.	He	will	be	great!										
way	to	stop	drugs	gangs	human	trafficking	criminal	elements	and	much	else	from	coming	into	our	Country	is	with	a	Wall	or	Barrier.	Drones	and	all	of	the	rest	are	wonderful	and	lots	of	fun	but	it	is	only	a	good	old	fashioned	Wall	that	works!								
Obama	ingloriously	fired	Jim	Mattis	I	gave	him	a	second	chance.	Some	thought	I	shouldn’t	I	thought	I	should.	Interesting	relationship-but	I	also	gave	all	of	the	resources	that	he	never	really	had.	Allies	are	very	important-but	not	when	they	take	advantage	of	U.S.										
but	your	favorite	President	Donald	J.	Trump	announced	that	after	decimating	ISIS	in	Syria	we	were	going	to	bring	our	troops	back	home	(happy	&amp;	healthy)	that	person	would	be	the	most	popular	hero	in	America.	With	me	hit	hard	instead	by	the	Fake	News	Media.	Crazy!							
who	I	do	not	know	was	appointed	by	President	Obama	in	2015	Was	supposed	to	leave	in	February	but	he	just	resigned	prior	to	leaving.	Grandstander?	The	Fake	News	is	making	such	a	big	deal	about	this	nothing	event!															
not	be	going	to	Florida	because	of	the	Shutdown	-	Staying	in	the	White	House!		#MAGA																																					
until	December	27th.																																																			
an	election	said	to	be	one	of	the	greatest	of	all	time	based	on	getting	out	of	endless	&amp;	costly	foreign	wars	&amp;	also	based	on	Strong	Borders	which	will	keep	our	Country	safe.	We	fight	for	the	borders	of	other	countries	but	we	won’t	fight	for	the	borders	of	our	own!		
of	illegal	activity	at	our	Southern	Border	is	real	and	will	not	stop	until	we	build	a	great	Steel	Barrier	or	Wall.	Let	work	begin!																													
having	lunch	in	White	House	residence	with	large	group	concerning	Border	Security.																																										
be	there	for	three	months	and	that	was	seven	years	ago	-	we	never	left.	When	I	became	President	ISIS	was	going	wild.	Now	ISIS	is	largely	defeated	and	other	local	countries	including	Turkey	should	be	able	to	easily	take	care	of	whatever	remains.	We’re	coming	home!							
in	the	White	House	working	hard.	News	reports	concerning	the	Shutdown	and	Syria	are	mostly	FAKE.	We	are	negotiating	with	the	Democrats	on	desperately	needed	Border	Security	(Gangs	Drugs	Human	Trafficking	&amp;	more)	but	it	could	be	a	long	stay.	On	Syria	we	were	originally...									
COUNTRY	MUST	HAVE	BORDER	SECURITY!	https://t.co/ZGcYygMf3a																																																
Court	Justice	Ruth	Bader	Ginsburg	a	full	and	speedy	recovery!																																												
the	many	Bills	that	I	am	signing	in	the	Oval	Office	right	now.	Cancelled	my	trip	on	Air	Force	One	to	Florida	while	we	wait	to	see	if	the	Democrats	will	help	us	to	protect	America’s	Southern	Border!	https://t.co/ws6LYhKcKl															
of	our	Steel	Slat	Barrier	which	is	totally	effective	while	at	the	same	time	beautiful!	https://t.co/sGltXh0cu9																																						
was	my	honor	to	sign	into	law	H.R.	7213	the	“Countering	Weapons	of	Mass	Destruction	Act	of	2018.”	The	Act	redesignates	the	@DHSgov	Domestic	Nuclear	Detection	Office	as	the	Countering	Weapons	of	Mass	Destruction	Office.	Read	more:	https://t.co/XCkyc8pGZF	https://t.co/TTvGxBww5n															
was	my	great	honor	to	sign	the	#FirstStepAct	-	a	monumental	bi-partisan	win	for	the	American	people!	https://t.co/isy6Bt38iK																																				
more	damage	to	ISIS	than	all	recent	presidents....not	even	close!																																												
now	own	the	shutdown!																																																		
Tata	author	“Dark	Winter.”	I	think	the	President	is	making	the	exact	right	move	in	Syria.	All	the	geniuses	who	are	protesting	the	withdrawal	of	troops	from	Syria	are	the	same	geniuses	who	cooked	the	books	on	ISIS	intelligence	and	gave	rise	to	ISIS.”										
never	been	a	president	who	has	been	tougher	(but	fair)	on	China	or	Russia	-	Never	just	look	at	the	facts.	The	Fake	News	tries	so	hard	to	paint	the	opposite	picture.																						
@SteveDaines	for	being	willing	to	go	with	the	so-called	nuclear	option	in	order	to	win	on	DESPERATELY	NEEDED	Border	Security!	Have	my	total	support.																														
the	Nuclear	Option	and	get	it	done!	Our	Country	is	counting	on	you!																																									
Ronald	Reagan	tried	for	8	years	to	build	a	Border	Wall	or	Fence	and	was	unable	to	do	so.	Others	also	have	tried.	We	will	get	it	done	one	way	or	the	other!																					
if	Democrats	do	not	vote	for	Border	Security!																																														
Vote	217-185.																																																				
whose	votes	we	need	in	the	Senate	will	probably	vote	against	Border	Security	and	the	Wall	even	though	they	know	it	is	DESPERATELY	NEEDED.	If	the	Dems	vote	no	there	will	be	a	shutdown	that	will	last	for	a	very	long	time.	People	don’t	want	Open	Borders	and	Crime!					
what	happens	today	in	the	Senate	Republican	House	Members	should	be	very	proud	of	themselves.	They	flew	back	to	Washington	from	all	parts	of	the	World	in	order	to	vote	for	Border	Security	and	the	Wall.	Not	one	Democrat	voted	yes	and	we	won	big.	I	am	very	proud	of	you!			
Border	is	only	effective	in	conjunction	with	a	Wall.	Properly	designed	and	built	Walls	work	and	the	Democrats	are	lying	when	they	say	they	don’t.	In	Israel	the	Wall	is	99.90%	successful.	Will	not	be	any	different	on	our	Southern	Border!	Hundreds	of	$Billions	saved!									
are	trying	to	belittle	the	concept	of	a	Wall	calling	it	old	fashioned.	The	fact	is	there	is	nothing	else’s	that	will	work	and	that	has	been	TRUE	for	thousands	of	years.	It’s	like	the	wheel	there	is	nothing	better.	I	know	tech	better	than	anyone	&amp;	technology.....						
McConnell	should	fight	for	the	Wall	and	Border	Security	as	hard	as	he	fought	for	anything.	He	will	need	Democrat	votes	but	as	shown	in	the	House	good	things	happen.	If	enough	Dems	don’t	vote	it	will	be	a	Democrat	Shutdown!	House	Republicans	were	great	yesterday!								
be	Speaker	Nancy	Pelosi	said	last	week	live	from	the	Oval	Office	that	the	Republicans	didn’t	have	the	votes	for	Border	Security.	Today	the	House	Republicans	voted	and	won	217-185.	Nancy	does	not	have	to	apologize.	All	I	want	is	GREAT	BORDER	SECURITY!											
to	our	GREAT	Republican	Members	of	Congress	for	your	VOTE	to	fund	Border	Security	and	the	Wall.	The	final	numbers	were	217-185	and	many	have	said	that	the	enthusiasm	was	greater	than	they	have	ever	seen	before.	So	proud	of	you	all.	Now	on	to	the	Senate!							
Mattis	will	be	retiring	with	distinction	at	the	end	of	February	after	having	served	my	Administration	as	Secretary	of	Defense	for	the	past	two	years.	During	Jim’s	tenure	tremendous	progress	has	been	made	especially	with	respect	to	the	purchase	of	new	fighting....												
Mattis	was	a	great	help	to	me	in	getting	allies	and	other	countries	to	pay	their	share	of	military	obligations.	A	new	Secretary	of	Defense	will	be	named	shortly.	I	greatly	thank	Jim	for	his	service!																		
is	time	to	come	together	and	put	the	SAFETY	of	the	AMERICAN	PEOPLE	before	POLITICS.	Border	security	must	become	a	#1	priority!	https://t.co/Wck6UpQGil																															
signing	in	15	minutes!	#Emmys	#TBT	https://t.co/KtSS17xvIn																																															
to	believe	that	Lindsey	Graham	would	be	against	saving	soldier	lives	&amp;	billions	of	$$$.	Why	are	we	fighting	for	our	enemy	Syria	by	staying	&amp;	killing	ISIS	for	them	Russia	Iran	&amp;	other	locals?	Time	to	focus	on	our	Country	&amp;	bring	our	youth	back	home	where	they	belong!				
passed	the	Criminal	Justice	Reform	Bill	known	as	the	#FirstStepAct.	Congratulations!	This	is	a	great	bi-partisan	achievement	for	everybody.	When	both	parties	work	together	we	can	keep	our	Country	safer.	A	wonderful	thing	for	the	U.S.A.!!																		
begrudgingly	signed	the	Omnibus	Bill	I	was	promised	the	Wall	and	Border	Security	by	leadership.	Would	be	done	by	end	of	year	(NOW).	It	didn’t	happen!	We	foolishly	fight	for	Border	Security	for	other	countries	-	but	not	for	our	beloved	U.S.A.	Not	good!										
much	talk	about	the	Wall	people	are	losing	sight	of	the	great	job	being	done	on	our	Southern	Border	by	Border	Patrol	ICE	and	our	great	Military.	Remember	the	Caravans?	Well	they	didn’t	get	through	and	none	are	forming	or	on	their	way.	Border	is	tight.	Fake	News	silent!					
who	know	Steel	Slats	(Wall)	are	necessary	for	Border	Security	are	putting	politics	over	Country.	What	they	are	just	beginning	to	realize	is	that	I	will	not	sign	any	of	their	legislation	including	infrastructure	unless	it	has	perfect	Border	Security.	U.S.A.	WINS!												
Syria	&amp;	many	others	are	not	happy	about	the	U.S.	leaving	despite	what	the	Fake	News	says	because	now	they	will	have	to	fight	ISIS	and	others	who	they	hate	without	us.	I	am	building	by	far	the	most	powerful	military	in	the	world.	ISIS	hits	us	they	are	doomed!				
USA	want	to	be	the	Policeman	of	the	Middle	East	getting	NOTHING	but	spending	precious	lives	and	trillions	of	dollars	protecting	others	who	in	almost	all	cases	do	not	appreciate	what	we	are	doing?	Do	we	want	to	be	there	forever?	Time	for	others	to	finally	fight.....							
of	Syria	was	no	surprise.	I’ve	been	campaigning	on	it	for	years	and	six	months	ago	when	I	very	publicly	wanted	to	do	it	I	agreed	to	stay	longer.	Russia	Iran	Syria	&amp;	others	are	the	local	enemy	of	ISIS.	We	were	doing	there	work.	Time	to	come	home	&amp;	rebuild.	#MAGA		
of	the	President	today	to	hear	that	he	is	declaring	victory	in	Syria.”	Senator	Rand	Paul.		“I	couldn’t	agree	more	with	the	presidents	decision.	By	definition	this	is	the	opposite	of	an	Obama	decision.	Senator	Mike	Lee																
no	credit	for	what	he’s	done	in	the	Middle	East.”		@IngrahamAngle		So	TRUE	thank	you	Laura!																																				
Carafano	on	@IngrahamAngle	“Trump	has	made	the	Middle	East	a	better	place.	When	Trump	came	into	office	ISIS	was	running	amuck	in	the	Middle	East.	Over	a	million	refugees	poured	into	Western	Europe	-	none	of	that	is	happening	today.	That’s	all	due	to	Trump.”									
victories	against	ISIS	it’s	time	to	bring	our	great	young	people	home!	https://t.co/xoNjFzQFTp																																									
event	it	goes	on	and	on	&amp;	the	new	AG	who	is	now	being	replaced	by	yet	another	AG	(who	openly	campaigned	on	a	GET	TRUMP	agenda)	does	little	else	but	rant	rave	&amp;	politic	against	me.	Will	never	be	treated	fairly	by	these	people	-	a	total	double	standard	of	“justice.”		
Eric	Schneiderman	who	has	since	resigned	over	horrific	women	abuse	when	I	wanted	to	close	the	Foundation	so	as	not	to	be	in	conflict	with	politics.	Shady	Eric	was	head	of	New	Yorkers	for	Clinton	and	refused	to	even	look	at	the	corrupt	Clinton	Foundation......									
Foundation	has	done	great	work	and	given	away	lots	of	money	both	mine	and	others	to	great	charities	over	the	years	-	with	me	taking	NO	fees	rent	salaries	etc.	Now	as	usual	I	am	getting	slammed	by	Cuomo	and	the	Dems	in	a	long	running	civil	lawsuit	started	by.....				
defeated	ISIS	in	Syria	my	only	reason	for	being	there	during	the	Trump	Presidency.																																								
paying	(indirectly)	for	the	Wall	through	the	new	USMCA	the	replacement	for	NAFTA!	Far	more	money	coming	to	the	U.S.	Because	of	the	tremendous	dangers	at	the	Border	including	large	scale	criminal	and	drug	inflow	the	United	States	Military	will	build	the	Wall!											
Country	so	much	money	has	been	poured	down	the	drain	for	so	many	years	but	when	it	comes	to	Border	Security	and	the	Military	the	Democrats	fight	to	the	death.	We	won	on	the	Military	which	is	being	completely	rebuilt.	One	way	or	the	other	we	will	win	on	the	Wall!			
Country	so	much	money	has	been	poured	down	the	drain	for	so	many	years	but	the	Democrats	fight	us	like	cats	and	dogs	when	it	comes	to	spending	on	Boarder	Security	(including	a	Wall)	and	the	Military.	We	won	on	the	Military	it	is	being	completely	rebuilt.	We	will	win...				
keep	our	communities	safer	and	provide	hope	and	a	second	chance	to	those	who	earn	it.	In	addition	to	everything	else	billions	of	dollars	will	be	saved.	I	look	forward	to	signing	this	into	law!																			
the	greatest	Country	in	the	world	and	my	job	is	to	fight	for	ALL	citizens	even	those	who	have	made	mistakes.	Congratulations	to	the	Senate	on	the	bi-partisan	passing	of	a	historic	Criminal	Justice	Reform	Bill....																		
are	saying	loud	and	clear	that	they	do	not	want	to	build	a	Concrete	Wall	-	but	we	are	not	building	a	Concrete	Wall	we	are	building	artistically	designed	steel	slats	so	that	you	can	easily	see	through	it....															
be	beautiful	and	at	the	same	time	give	our	Country	the	security	that	our	citizens	deserve.	It	will	go	up	fast	and	save	us	BILLIONS	of	dollars	a	month	once	completed!																							
@MarthaMcSally	on	her	appointment	by	Governor	@DougDucey	as	the	Great	new	Senator	from	Arizona	-	I	have	no	doubt	she	will	do	a	fantastic	job!																													
J.	Trump’s	Commission	on	School	Safety	examined	ways	to	make	our	schools	safe	for	all	students	and	teachers.”	Read	more:	https://t.co/Sj3T2B3cKW	https://t.co/M0iiESm2fJ																																
was	the	first	to	report	Dossier	allegations	and	now	seriously	doubts	the	Dossier	claims.	The	whole	Russian	Collusion	thing	was	a	HOAX	but	who	is	going	to	restore	the	good	name	of	so	many	people	whose	reputations	have	been	destroyed?														
BE	PROVEN	AND	ARE	LIKELY	FALSE.”		Thank	you	to	Michael	Isikoff	Yahoo	for	honesty.	What	this	means	is	that	the	FISA	WARRANTS	and	the	whole	Russian	Witch	Hunt	is	a	Fraud	and	a	Hoax	which	should	be	ended	immediately.	Also	it	was	paid	for	by	Crooked	Hillary	&amp;	DNC!				
reporter	now	doubts	dopey	Christopher	Steele’s	claims!	“When	you	get	into	the	details	of	the	Steele	Dossier	the	specific	allegations	we	have	not	seen	the	evidence	to	support	them.	There’s	good	grounds	to	think	that	some	of	the	more	sensational	allegations.....													
costs	the	United	States	more	than	200	Billion	Dollars	a	year.	How	was	this	allowed	to	happen?																																					
and	Google	are	so	biased	toward	the	Dems	it	is	ridiculous!	Twitter	in	fact	has	made	it	much	more	difficult	for	people	to	join	@realDonaldTrump.	They	have	removed	many	names	&amp;	greatly	slowed	the	level	and	speed	of	increase.	They	have	acknowledged-done	NOTHING!											
the	people	over	at	the	Fed	will	read	today’s	Wall	Street	Journal	Editorial	before	they	make	yet	another	mistake.	Also	don’t	let	the	market	become	any	more	illiquid	than	it	already	is.	Stop	with	the	50	B’s.	Feel	the	market	don’t	just	go	by	meaningless	numbers.	Good	luck!						
today	in	court	to	General	Michael	Flynn.	Will	be	interesting	to	see	what	he	has	to	say	despite	tremendous	pressure	being	put	on	him	about	Russian	Collusion	in	our	great	and	obviously	highly	successful	political	campaign.	There	was	no	Collusion!														
yet	in	the	long	winding	and	highly	conflicted	Mueller	Witch	Hunt	is	the	fact	that	19000	demanded	Text	messages	between	Peter	Strzok	and	his	FBI	lover	Lisa	Page	were	purposely	&amp;	illegally	deleted.	Would	have	explained	whole	Hoax	which	is	now	under	protest!											
am	making	good	on	my	promise	to	defend	our	Farmers	&amp;	Ranchers	from	unjustified	trade	retaliation	by	foreign	nations.	I	have	authorized	Secretary	Perdue	to	implement	the	2nd	round	of	Market	Facilitation	Payments.	Our	economy	is	stronger	than	ever–we	stand	with	our	Farmers!											
hear	a	Democrat	saying	that	you	can	have	good	Border	Security	without	a	Wall	write	them	off	as	just	another	politician	following	the	party	line.	Time	for	us	to	save	billions	of	dollars	a	year	and	have	at	the	same	time	far	greater	safety	and	control!								
incredible	that	with	a	very	strong	dollar	and	virtually	no	inflation	the	outside	world	blowing	up	around	us	Paris	is	burning	and	China	way	down	the	Fed	is	even	considering	yet	another	interest	rate	hike.	Take	the	Victory!																
hear	a	Democrat	saying	that	you	can	have	good	Boarder	Security	without	a	Wall	write	them	off	as	just	another	politician	following	the	party	line.	Time	for	us	to	save	billions	of	dollars	a	year	and	have	at	the	same	time	far	greater	safety	and	control!								
which	comes	with	ObamaCare	is	so	high	that	it	is	practically	not	even	useable!	Hurts	families	badly.	We	have	a	chance	working	with	the	Democrats	to	deliver	great	HealthCare!	A	confirming	Supreme	Court	Decision	will	lead	to	GREAT	HealthCare	results	for	Americans!												
Witch	Hunt	Hoax	started	as	the	“insurance	policy”	long	before	I	even	got	elected	is	very	bad	for	our	Country.	They	are	Entrapping	people	for	misstatements	lies	or	unrelated	things	that	took	place	many	years	ago.	Nothing	to	do	with	Collusion.	A	Democrat	Scam!										
of	the	President.”		Daniel	Henninger	The	Wall	Street	Journal.	Thank	you	people	are	starting	to	see	and	understand	what	this	Witch	Hunt	is	all	about.	Jeff	Sessions	should	be	ashamed	of	himself	for	allowing	this	total	HOAX	to	get	started	in	the	first	place!									
here	as	though	General	Flynn’s	defenses	are	incidental	to	something	larger	which	is	for	the	prosecution	to	figure	out	if	it	can	find	a	path	to	Donald	Trump	without	quite	knowing	what	that	crime	might	be.	It	stops	looking	like	prosecution	and	more	looking	like......									
watching	is	last	weeks	@marthamaccallum	interview	with	the	wonderful	wife	of	Rod	Blagojevich	and	the	@trish_regan	interview	with	a	Jerome	Corsi.	If	that	doesn’t	tell	you	something	about	what	has	been	going	on	in	our	Country	nothing	will.	Very	sad!														
watching	is	last	weeks	@marthamaccallum	interview	with	the	wonderful	wife	of	@RodBlagojevich	and	the	@trishregan	interview	with	a	Jerome	Corsi.	If	that	doesn’t	tell	you	something	about	what	has	been	going	on	in	our	Country	nothing	will.	Very	sad!															
policy	of	Child	Seperation	on	the	Border	during	the	Obama	Administration	was	far	worse	than	the	way	we	handle	it	now.	Remember	the	2014	picture	of	children	in	cages	-	the	Obama	years.	However	if	you	don’t	separate	FAR	more	people	will	come.	Smugglers	use	the	kids!							
Starr	former	Solicitor	Generel	&amp;	Independent	Counsel	just	stated	that	after	two	years	“there	is	no	evidence	or	proof	of	collusion”	&amp;	further	that	“there	is	no	evidence	that	there	was	a	campaign	financing	violation	involving	the	President.”	Thank	you	Judge.	@FoxNews												
request	of	many	I	will	be	reviewing	the	case	of	a	“U.S.	Military	hero”	Major	Matt	Golsteyn	who	is	charged	with	murder.	He	could	face	the	death	penalty	from	our	own	government	after	he	admitted	to	killing	a	Terrorist	bomb	maker	while	overseas.	@PeteHegseth	@FoxNews									
Cohen	only	became	a	“Rat”	after	the	FBI	did	something	which	was	absolutely	unthinkable	&amp;	unheard	of	until	the	Witch	Hunt	was	illegally	started.	They	BROKE	INTO	AN	ATTORNEY’S	OFFICE!	Why	didn’t	they	break	into	the	DNC	to	get	the	Server	or	Crooked’s	office?										
are	all	the	missing	Text	messages	between	fired	FBI	agents	Peter	S	and	the	lovely	Lisa	Page	his	lover.	Just	reported	that	they	have	been	erased	and	wiped	clean.	What	an	outrage	as	the	totally	compromised	and	conflicted	Witch	Hunt	moves	ever	so	slowly	forward.	Want	them!							
scandal	is	the	one	sided	coverage	hour	by	hour	of	networks	like	NBC	&amp;	Democrat	spin	machines	like	Saturday	Night	Live.	It	is	all	nothing	less	than	unfair	news	coverage	and	Dem	commercials.	Should	be	tested	in	courts	can’t	be	legal?	Only	defame	&amp;	belittle!	Collusion?								
Texts	between	Lisa	Page	and	her	lover	Peter	S	of	the	FBI	in	charge	of	the	Russia	Hoax	were	just	reported	as	being	wiped	clean	and	gone.	Such	a	big	story	that	will	never	be	covered	by	the	Fake	News.	Witch	Hunt!												
and	dishonest	Weekly	Standard	run	by	failed	prognosticator	Bill	Kristol	(who	like	many	others	never	had	a	clue)	is	flat	broke	and	out	of	business.	Too	bad.	May	it	rest	in	peace!																						
the	history	of	our	Country	has	the	“press”	been	more	dishonest	than	it	is	today.	Stories	that	should	be	good	are	bad.	Stories	that	should	be	bad	are	horrible.	Many	stories	like	with	the	REAL	story	on	Russia	Clinton	&amp;	the	DNC	seldom	get	reported.	Too	bad!							
Administration	will	be	announcing	the	new	Secretary	of	the	Interior	next	week.																																										
the	Interior	@RyanZinke	will	be	leaving	the	Administration	at	the	end	of	the	year	after	having	served	for	a	period	of	almost	two	years.	Ryan	has	accomplished	much	during	his	tenure	and	I	want	to	thank	him	for	his	service	to	our	Nation.......											
not	surprisingly	ObamaCare	was	just	ruled	UNCONSTITUTIONAL	by	a	highly	respected	judge	in	Texas.	Great	news	for	America!																																				
predicted	all	along	Obamacare	has	been	struck	down	as	an	UNCONSTITUTIONAL	disaster!	Now	Congress	must	pass	a	STRONG	law	that	provides	GREAT	healthcare	and	protects	pre-existing	conditions.	Mitch	and	Nancy	get	it	done!																					
record	there	were	MANY	people	who	wanted	to	be	the	White	House	Chief	of	Staff.	Mick	M	will	do	a	GREAT	job!																																
forward	to	working	with	him	in	this	new	capacity	as	we	continue	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	John	will	be	staying	until	the	end	of	the	year.	He	is	a	GREAT	PATRIOT	and	I	want	to	personally	thank	him	for	his	service!												
pleased	to	announce	that	Mick	Mulvaney	Director	of	the	Office	of	Management	&amp;	Budget	will	be	named	Acting	White	House	Chief	of	Staff	replacing	General	John	Kelly	who	has	served	our	Country	with	distinction.	Mick	has	done	an	outstanding	job	while	in	the	Administration....										
to	@tim_cook	for	agreeing	to	expand	operations	in	the	U.S.	and	thereby	creating	thousands	of	jobs!	https://t.co/2zOVxp9nTF																																					
have	asked	how	we	are	doing	in	our	negotiations	with	North	Korea	-	I	always	reply	by	saying	we	are	in	no	hurry	there	is	wonderful	potential	for	great	economic	success	for	that	country....																				
Un	sees	it	better	than	anyone	and	will	fully	take	advantage	of	it	for	his	people.	We	are	doing	just	fine!																																	
announced	that	their	economy	is	growing	much	slower	than	anticipated	because	of	our	Trade	War	with	them.	They	have	just	suspended	U.S.	Tariff	Hikes.	U.S.	is	doing	very	well.	China	wants	to	make	a	big	and	very	comprehensive	deal.	It	could	happen	and	rather	soon!									
announce	the	there	economy	is	growing	much	slower	than	anticipated	because	of	our	Trade	War	with	them.	They	have	just	suspended	U.S.	Tariff	Hikes.	U.S.	is	doing	very	well.	China	wants	to	make	a	big	and	very	comprehensive	deal.	It	could	happen	and	rather	soon!									
do	a	shutdown	Democrats	-	do	what’s	right	for	the	American	People!	https://t.co/bZg07ZKQqo																																									
was	my	honor	to	welcome	our	Nation’s	newly	elected	Governors	to	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/LCpFIoRglp																																								
Birthday	@USNationalGuard.	Our	entire	Nation	is	forever	grateful	for	all	you	do	24/7/365.	We	love	you!	#Guard382	https://t.co/XLoCxOFvMA																																				
an	interview	with	@HARRISFAULKNER	on	@FoxNews	airing	now	(1pmE.)	Enjoy!																																												
probably	be	given	a	pass	despite	their	terrible	ratings.	Congratulations	to	@RichardGrenell	our	great	Ambassador	to	Germany	for	having	the	courage	to	take	this	horrible	issue	on!																											
was	a	Conservative	that	said	what	“crazed”	Mika	Brzezinski	stated	on	her	show	yesterday	using	a	certain	horrible	term	that	person	would	be	banned	permanently	from	television....																											
																																																					
General	Flynn	a	great	deal	because	they	were	embarrassed	by	the	way	he	was	treated	-	the	FBI	said	he	didn’t	lie	and	they	overrode	the	FBI.	They	want	to	scare	everybody	into	making	up	stories	that	are	not	TRUE	by	catching	them	in	the	smallest	of	misstatements.	Sad!......					
on	a	civil	basis.	Those	charges	were	just	agreed	to	by	him	in	order	to	embarrass	the	president	and	get	a	much	reduced	prison	sentence	which	he	did-including	the	fact	that	his	family	was	temporarily	let	off	the	hook.	As	a	lawyer	Michael	has	great	liability	to	me!						
on	a	civil	bases.	Those	charges	were	just	agreed	to	by	him	in	order	to	embarrass	the	president	and	get	a	much	reduced	prison	sentence	which	he	did-including	the	fact	that	his	family	was	temporarily	let	off	the	hook.	As	a	lawyer	Michael	has	great	liability	to	me!						
I	did	nothing	wrong	with	respect	to	campaign	finance	laws	if	they	even	apply	because	this	was	not	campaign	finance.	Cohen	was	guilty	on	many	charges	unrelated	to	me	but	he	plead	to	two	campaign	charges	which	were	not	criminal	and	of	which	he	probably	was	not...							
directed	Michael	Cohen	to	break	the	law.	He	was	a	lawyer	and	he	is	supposed	to	know	the	law.	It	is	called	“advice	of	counsel”	and	a	lawyer	has	great	liability	if	a	mistake	is	made.	That	is	why	they	get	paid.	Despite	that	many	campaign	finance	lawyers	have	strongly......				
stated	“One	way	or	the	other	Mexico	is	going	to	pay	for	the	Wall.”	This	has	never	changed.	Our	new	deal	with	Mexico	(and	Canada)	the	USMCA	is	so	much	better	than	the	old	very	costly	&amp;	anti-USA	NAFTA	deal	that	just	by	the	money	we	save	MEXICO	IS	PAYING	FOR	THE	WALL!	
will	be	interviewed	by	@SeanHannity	tonight	on	@FoxNews	at	9:00pmE!																																												
and	President	Obama	gave	Iran	150	Billion	Dollars	and	got	nothing	but	they	can’t	give	5	Billion	Dollars	for	National	Security	and	a	Wall?																														
bad	terror	attack	in	France.	We	are	going	to	strengthen	our	borders	even	more.	Chuck	and	Nancy	must	give	us	the	votes	to	get	additional	Border	Security!																											
Leader	McConnell	for	agreeing	to	bring	a	Senate	vote	on	Criminal	Justice	this	week!	These	historic	changes	will	make	communities	SAFER	and	SAVE	tremendous	taxpayers	dollars.	It	brings	much	needed	hope	to	many	families	during	the	Holiday	Season.																
care	what	you	think	of	the	President...it	cannot	bleed	over	to	the	FBI...Comey	is	confirming	there	is	bias	in	the	FBI...”	#NAME?	Swecker																															
just	totally	exposed	his	partisan	stance	by	urging	his	fellow	Democrats	to	take	back	the	White	House	in	2020	In	other	words	he	is	and	has	been	a	Democrat.	Comey	had	no	right	heading	the	FBI	at	any	time	but	especially	after	his	mind	exploded!									
has	it	purposely	wrong.	Many	over	ten	are	vying	for	and	wanting	the	White	House	Chief	of	Staff	position.	Why	wouldn’t	someone	want	one	of	the	truly	great	and	meaningful	jobs	in	Washington.	Please	report	news	correctly.	Thank	you!															
conversations	going	on	with	China!	Watch	for	some	important	announcements!																																												
by	Michael	Anton	on	@foxandfriends.	A	TRUE	National	Security	expert!																																												
not	yet	realize	how	much	of	the	Wall	including	really	effective	renovation	has	already	been	built.	If	the	Democrats	do	not	give	us	the	votes	to	secure	our	Country	the	Military	will	build	the	remaining	sections	of	the	Wall.	They	know	how	important	it	is!									
forward	to	my	meeting	with	Chuck	Schumer	&amp;	Nancy	Pelosi.	In	2006	Democrats	voted	for	a	Wall	and	they	were	right	to	do	so.	Today	they	no	longer	want	Border	Security.	They	will	fight	it	at	all	cost	and	Nancy	must	get	votes	for	Speaker.	But	the	Wall	will	get	built...			
strictly	political	reasons	and	because	they	have	been	pulled	so	far	left	do	NOT	want	Border	Security.	They	want	Open	Borders	for	anyone	to	come	in.	This	brings	large	scale	crime	and	disease.	Our	Southern	Border	is	now	Secure	and	will	remain	that	way.......										
Patrol	and	our	Military	have	done	a	FANTASTIC	job	of	securing	our	Southern	Border.	A	Great	Wall	would	be	however	a	far	easier	&amp;	less	expensive	solution.	We	have	already	built	large	new	sections	&amp;	fully	renovated	others	making	them	like	new.	The	Democrats.....										
large	Caravans	that	WERE	forming	and	heading	to	our	Country	people	have	not	been	able	to	get	through	our	newly	built	Walls	makeshift	Walls	&amp;	Fences	or	Border	Patrol	Officers	&amp;	Military.	They	are	now	staying	in	Mexico	or	going	back	to	their	original	countries.......									
Director	James	Comey	under	fire	for	his	testimony	acknowledging	he	knew	that	the	Democrats	paid	for	that	phony	Trump	Dossier.”	@LouDobbs		Details	on	Tuesday	night.																												
behind	closed	doors	testimony	reveals	that	“there	was	not	evidence	of	Campaign	Collusion”	with	Russia	when	he	left	the	FBI.	In	other	words	the	Witch	Hunt	is	illegal	and	should	never	have	been	started!																				
was	not	(but	even	if	it	was	it	is	only	a	CIVIL	CASE	like	Obama’s	-	but	it	was	done	correctly	by	a	lawyer	and	there	would	not	even	be	a	fine.	Lawyer’s	liability	if	he	made	a	mistake	not	me).	Cohen	just	trying	to	get	his	sentence	reduced.	WITCH	HUNT!			
find	a	Smocking	Gun	tying	the	Trump	campaign	to	Russia	after	James	Comey’s	testimony.	No	Smocking	Gun...No	Collusion.”	@FoxNews		That’s	because	there	was	NO	COLLUSION.	So	now	the	Dems	go	to	a	simple	private	transaction	wrongly	call	it	a	campaign	contribution...												
in	the	process	of	interviewing	some	really	great	people	for	the	position	of	White	House	Chief	of	Staff.	Fake	News	has	been	saying	with	certainty	it	was	Nick	Ayers	a	spectacular	person	who	will	always	be	with	our	#MAGA	agenda.	I	will	be	making	a	decision	soon!							
Administration	has	accomplished	more	than	any	other	U.S.	Administration	in	its	first	two	(not	even)	years	of	existence	&amp;	we	are	having	a	great	time	doing	it!	All	of	this	despite	the	Fake	News	Media	which	has	gone	totally	out	of	its	mind-truly	the	Enemy	of	the	People!						
Comey	must	have	set	a	record	for	who	lied	the	most	to	Congress	in	one	day.	His	Friday	testimony	was	so	untruthful!	This	whole	deal	is	a	Rigged	Fraud	headed	up	by	dishonest	people	who	would	do	anything	so	that	I	could	not	become	President.	They	are	now	exposed!					
	occasions	former	FBI	Director	James	Comey	told	House	investigators	he	didn’t	know	didn’t	recall	or	couldn’t	remember	things	when	asked.	Opened	investigations	on	4	Americans	(not	2)	-	didn’t	know	who	signed	off	and	didn’t	know	Christopher	Steele.	All	lies!													
my	honor	to	attend	today’s	#ArmyNavyGame	in	Philadelphia.	A	GREAT	game	played	all	around	by	our	HEROES.	Congratulations	@ArmyWP_Football	on	the	win!	https://t.co/WDLkM6VE2T																															
																																																					
to	be	headed	to	the	Army-Navy	game	today.	Will	be	there	shortly	landing	now!	https://t.co/ByAfESq8aS																																							
right	he	then	woke	up	from	his	dream	screaming	that	HE	LIED.	Next	time	I	go	to	Vietnam	I	will	ask	“the	Dick”	to	travel	with	me!																											
Nang	Dick	Blumenthal	on	television	spewing	facts	almost	as	accurate	as	his	bravery	in	Vietnam	(which	he	never	saw).	As	the	bullets	whizzed	by	Da	Nang	Dicks	head	as	he	was	saving	soldiers....																					
day	&amp;	night	in	Paris.	Maybe	it’s	time	to	end	the	ridiculous	and	extremely	expensive	Paris	Agreement	and	return	money	back	to	the	people	in	the	form	of	lower	taxes?	The	U.S.	was	way	ahead	of	the	curve	on	that	and	the	only	major	country	where	emissions	went	down	last	year!			
collusion	illusion	there	is	no	smoking	gun	here.	At	this	late	date	after	all	that	we	have	gone	through	after	millions	have	been	spent	we	have	no	Russian	Collusion.	There	is	nothing	impeachable	here.”	@GeraldoRivera		Time	for	the	Witch	Hunt	to	END!											
pleased	to	announce	my	nomination	of	four-star	General	Mark	Milley	Chief	of	Staff	of	the	United	States	Army	–	as	the	Chairman	of	the	Joint	Chiefs	of	Staff	replacing	General	Joe	Dunford	who	will	be	retiring....																		
thankful	to	both	of	these	incredible	men	for	their	service	to	our	Country!	Date	of	transition	to	be	determined.																																			
YEARS	AND	MILLIONS	OF	PAGES	OF	DOCUMENTS	(and	a	cost	of	over	$30000000)	NO	COLLUSION!																																							
of	a	European	Military	didn’t	work	out	too	well	in	W.W.	I	or	2	But	the	U.S.	was	there	for	you	and	always	will	be.	All	we	ask	is	that	you	pay	your	fair	share	of	NATO.	Germany	is	paying	1%	while	the	U.S.	pays	4.30%	of	a	much	larger	GDP	-	to	protect
Agreement	isn’t	working	out	so	well	for	Paris.	Protests	and	riots	all	over	France.	People	do	not	want	to	pay	large	sums	of	money	much	to	third	world	countries	(that	are	questionably	run)	in	order	to	maybe	protect	the	environment.	Chanting	“We	Want	Trump!”	Love	France.								
the	President.	Thank	you!																																																		
being	reported	that	Leakin'	James	Comey	was	told	by	Department	of	Justice	attorneys	not	to	answer	the	most	important	questions.	Total	bias	and	corruption	at	the	highest	levels	of	previous	Administration.	Force	him	to	answer	the	questions	under	oath!															
McConnell	will	ask	for	a	VOTE	on	Criminal	Justice	Reform.	It	is	extremely	popular	and	has	strong	bipartisan	support.	It	will	also	help	a	lot	of	people	save	taxpayer	dollars	and	keep	our	communities	safe.	Go	for	it	Mitch!															
is	doing	a	great	job	I	am	very	proud	of	him.	His	predecessor	Rex	Tillerson	didn’t	have	the	mental	capacity	needed.	He	was	dumb	as	a	rock	and	I	couldn’t	get	rid	of	him	fast	enough.	He	was	lazy	as	hell.	Now	it	is	a	whole	new	ballgame	great	spirit	at	State!		
of	the	most	highly	respected	lawyers	and	legal	minds	in	the	Country	he	will	be	a	great	addition	to	our	team.	I	look	forward	to	having	him	join	our	very	successful	Administration!																						
pleased	to	announce	that	I	will	be	nominating	The	Honorable	William	P.	Barr	for	the	position	of	Attorney	General	of	the	United	States.	As	the	former	AG	for	George	H.W.	Bush....																							
pleased	to	announce	that	Heather	Nauert	Spokeswoman	for	the	United	States	Department	of	State	will	be	nominated	to	serve	as	United	Nations	Ambassador.	I	want	to	congratulate	Heather	and	thank	Ambassador	Nikki	Haley	for	her	great	service	to	our	Country!														
be	doing	a	major	Counter	Report	to	the	Mueller	Report.	This	should	never	again	be	allowed	to	happen	to	a	future	President	of	the	United	States!																												
honor	those	who	perished	77	years	ago	at	Pearl	Harbor	and	we	salute	every	veteran	who	served	in	World	War	II	over	the	4	years	that	followed	that	horrific	attack.	God	Bless	America!	https://t.co/zbu4NLVr4G	https://t.co/5hbLDrqg40																			
been	incorrectly	reported	that	Rudy	Giuliani	and	others	will	not	be	doing	a	counter	to	the	Mueller	Report.	That	is	Fake	News.	Already	87	pages	done	but	obviously	cannot	complete	until	we	see	the	final	Witch	Hunt	Report.																
are	going	very	well!																																																		
and	leaking	by	the	people	doing	the	Report	&amp;	also	Bruce	Ohr	(and	his	lovely	wife	Molly)	Comey	Brennan	Clapper	&amp;	all	of	the	many	fired	people	of	the	FBI	be	listed	in	the	Report?	Will	the	corruption	within	the	DNC	&amp;	Clinton	Campaign	be	exposed?..And	so	much	more!					
listed	at	the	top	of	the	Report?	Will	the	scathing	document	written	about	Lyin’	James	Comey	by	the	man	in	charge	of	the	case	Rod	Rosenstein	(who	also	signed	the	FISA	Warrant)	be	a	big	part	of	the	Report?	Isn’t	Rod	therefore	totally	conflicted?	Will	all	of....							
in	the	United	States	Supreme	Court.	Doing	same	thing	to	people	now.	Will	all	of	the	substantial	&amp;	many	contributions	made	by	the	17	Angry	Democrats	to	the	Campaign	of	Crooked	Hillary	be	listed	in	top	of	Report.	Will	the	people	that	worked	for	the	Clinton....								
Mueller’s	big	time	conflicts	of	interest	be	listed	at	the	top	of	his	Republicans	only	Report.	Will	Andrew	Weissman’s	horrible	and	vicious	prosecutorial	past	be	listed	in	the	Report.	He	wrongly	destroyed	people’s	lives	took	down	great	companies	only	to	be........													
and	Leakin’	Lyin’	James	Comey	are	Best	Friends	just	one	of	many	Mueller	Conflicts	of	Interest.	And	bye	the	way	wasn’t	the	woman	in	charge	of	prosecuting	Jerome	Corsi	(who	I	do	not	know)	in	charge	of	“legal”	at	the	corrupt	Clinton	Foundation?	A	total	Witch	Hunt...							
with	our	Military	and	Border	Patrol	is	bracing	for	a	massive	surge	at	a	NON-WALLED	area.	WE	WILL	NOT	LET	THEM	THROUGH.	Big	danger.	Nancy	and	Chuck	must	approve	Boarder	Security	and	the	Wall!																				
-	THE	ENEMY	OF	THE	PEOPLE!																																																
“Did	the	FBI	follow	protocol	to	obtain	the	FISA	warrant?	I	don’t	think	so.	The	Dossier	was	opposition	research	funded	by	opponents.	Don’t	use	Government	resources	to	take	down	political	foes.	Weaponizing	Government	for	gain.”	Is	this	really	America?	Witch	Hunt!													
”This	is	not	justice	this	is	not	America.	This	is	a	political	prosecution.	The	Special	Prosecutor	(Counsel)	to	get	this	plea	deal	demanded	I	lie	and	violate	the	law.	They’re	the	criminals.”	He	is	not	alone.	17	Angry	Dems.	People	forced	to	lie.	Sad!		@Trish_Regan								
China:	“The	teams	of	both	sides	are	now	having	smooth	communications	and	good	cooperation	with	each	other.	We	are	full	of	confidence	that	an	agreement	can	be	reached	within	the	next	90	days.”	I	agree!																			
Fake	News	Media	ever	mention	the	fact	that	Republicans	with	the	very	important	help	of	my	campaign	Rallies	WON	THE	UNITED	STATES	SENATE	53	to	47?	All	I	hear	is	that	the	Open	Border	Dems	won	the	House.	Senate	alone	approves	judges	&amp;	others.	Big	Republican	Win!							
and	prayers	are	with	the	@USMC	crew	members	who	were	involved	in	a	mid-air	collision	off	the	coast	of	Japan.	Thank	you	to	@USForcesJapan	for	their	immediate	response	and	rescue	efforts.	Whatever	you	need	we	are	here	for	you.	@IIIMEF														
phony	Russia	Witch	Hunt	and	with	all	that	we	have	accomplished	in	the	last	almost	two	years	(Tax	&amp;	Regulation	Cuts	Judge’s	Military	Vets	etc.)	my	approval	rating	would	be	at	75%	rather	than	the	50%	just	reported	by	Rasmussen.	It’s	called	Presidential	Harassment!										
thank	you!	https://t.co/3SoWTkZjP6																																																			
a	truly	great	presidential	historian	had	a	wonderful	take	on	a	very	beautiful	moment	in	history	the	funeral	service	today	of	President	Bush.	Doug	was	able	to	brilliantly	cover	some	very	important	and	interesting	periods	of	time!	@LouDobbs																
will	be	keeping	oil	flows	as	is	not	restricted.	The	World	does	not	want	to	see	or	need	higher	oil	prices!																																	
to	being	with	the	Bush	family.	This	is	not	a	funeral	this	is	a	day	of	celebration	for	a	great	man	who	has	led	a	long	and	distinguished	life.	He	will	be	missed!																					
be	the	worst	and	most	dangerous	addictive	and	deadly	substance	of	them	all.	Last	year	over	77000	people	died	from	Fentanyl.	If	China	cracks	down	on	this	“horror	drug”	using	the	Death	Penalty	for	distributors	and	pushers	the	results	will	be	incredible!												
the	very	exciting	things	to	come	out	of	my	meeting	with	President	Xi	of	China	is	his	promise	to	me	to	criminalize	the	sale	of	deadly	Fentanyl	coming	into	the	United	States.	It	will	now	be	considered	a	“controlled	substance.”	This	could	be	a	game	changer	on	what	is.......					
signals	being	sent	by	China	once	they	returned	home	from	their	long	trip	including	stops	from	Argentina.	Not	to	sound	naive	or	anything	but	I	believe	President	Xi	meant	every	word	of	what	he	said	at	our	long	and	hopefully	historic	meeting.	ALL	subjects	discussed!									
agreed	to	start	“immediately”	buying	U.S.	products.”	@business																																														
echoed	President	Donald	Trump’s	optimism	over	bilateral	trade	talks.	Chinese	officials	have	begun	preparing	to	restart	imports	of	U.S.	Soybeans	&amp;	Liquified	Natural	Gas	the	first	sign	confirming	the	claims	of	President	Donald	Trump	and	the	White	House	that......															
not	want	Tariffs!																																																			
either	going	to	have	a	REAL	DEAL	with	China	or	no	deal	at	all	-	at	which	point	we	will	be	charging	major	Tariffs	against	Chinese	product	being	shipped	into	the	United	States.	Ultimately	I	believe	we	will	be	making	a	deal	-	either	now	or	into	the	future....					
world.	I	want	clean	air	and	clean	water	and	have	been	making	great	strides	in	improving	America’s	environment.	But	American	taxpayers	–	and	American	workers	–	shouldn’t	pay	to	clean	up	others	countries’	pollution.																				
glad	that	my	friend	@EmmanuelMacron	and	the	protestors	in	Paris	have	agreed	with	the	conclusion	I	reached	two	years	ago.	The	Paris	Agreement	is	fatally	flawed	because	it	raises	the	price	of	energy	for	responsible	countries	while	whitewashing	some	of	the	worst	polluters....											
please	explain	to	the	Democrats	(we	need	their	votes)	that	our	Country	losses	250	Billion	Dollars	a	year	on	illegal	immigration	not	including	the	terrible	drug	flow.	Top	Border	Security	including	a	Wall	is	$25 	Billion.	Pays	for	itself	in	two	months.	Get	it	done!									
a	fair	deal	is	able	to	be	made	with	China	one	that	does	all	of	the	many	things	we	know	must	be	finally	done	I	will	happily	sign.	Let	the	negotiations	begin.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																		
a	Tariff	Man.	When	people	or	countries	come	in	to	raid	the	great	wealth	of	our	Nation	I	want	them	to	pay	for	the	privilege	of	doing	so.	It	will	always	be	the	best	way	to	max	out	our	economic	power.	We	are	right	now	taking	in	$billions	in	Tariffs.	MAKE	AMERICA	RICH	AGAIN
whether	or	not	a	REAL	deal	with	China	is	actually	possible.	If	it	is	we	will	get	it	done.	China	is	supposed	to	start	buying	Agricultural	product	and	more	immediately.	President	Xi	and	I	want	this	deal	to	happen	and	it	probably	will.	But	if	not	remember......							
with	China	have	already	started.	Unless	extended	they	will	end	90	days	from	the	date	of	our	wonderful	and	very	warm	dinner	with	President	Xi	in	Argentina.	Bob	Lighthizer	will	be	working	closely	with	Steve	Mnuchin	Larry	Kudlow	Wilbur	Ross	and	Peter	Navarro.....											
to	being	with	the	wonderful	Bush	family	at	Blair	House	today.	The	former	First	Lady	will	be	coming	over	to	the	White	House	this	morning	to	be	given	a	tour	of	the	Christmas	decorations	by	Melania.	The	elegance	&amp;	precision	of	the	last	two	days	have	been	remarkable!						
																																																					
newly	inaugurated	Mexican	President	@lopezobrador_.	He	had	a	tremendous	political	victory	with	the	great	support	of	the	Mexican	People.	We	will	work	well	together	for	many	years	to	come!																									
to	being	with	the	Bush	Family	to	pay	my	respects	to	President	George	H.W.	Bush.																																							
(who	is	a	much	different	man	than	people	think)	and	his	out	of	control	band	of	Angry	Democrats	don’t	want	the	truth	they	only	want	lies.	The	truth	is	very	bad	for	their	mission!																				
never	testify	against	Trump.”	This	statement	was	recently	made	by	Roger	Stone	essentially	stating	that	he	will	not	be	forced	by	a	rogue	and	out	of	control	prosecutor	to	make	up	lies	and	stories	about	“President	Trump.”	Nice	to	know	that	some	people	still	have	“guts!”								
and	father-in-law	(who	has	the	money?)	off	Scott	Free.	He	lied	for	this	outcome	and	should	in	my	opinion	serve	a	full	and	complete	sentence.																													
asks	judge	for	no	Prison	Time.”	You	mean	he	can	do	all	of	the	TERRIBLE	unrelated	to	Trump	things	having	to	do	with	fraud	big	loans	Taxis	etc.	and	not	serve	a	long	prison	term?	He	makes	up	stories	to	get	a	GREAT	&amp;	ALREADY	reduced	deal	for	himself	and	get.....			
save	Billions	of	Dollars	if	the	Democrats	would	give	us	the	votes	to	build	the	Wall.	Either	way	people	will	NOT	be	allowed	into	our	Country	illegally!	We	will	close	the	entire	Southern	Border	if	necessary.	Also	STOP	THE	DRUGS!														
certain	that	at	some	time	in	the	future	President	Xi	and	I	together	with	President	Putin	of	Russia	will	start	talking	about	a	meaningful	halt	to	what	has	become	a	major	and	uncontrollable	Arms	Race.	The	U.S.	spent	716	Billion	Dollars	this	year.	Crazy!										
and	I	have	a	very	strong	and	personal	relationship.	He	and	I	are	the	only	two	people	that	can	bring	about	massive	and	very	positive	change	on	trade	and	far	beyond	between	our	two	great	Nations.	A	solution	for	North	Korea	is	a	great	thing	for	China	and	ALL!					
be	a	a	very	BIG	and	FAST	beneficiary	of	our	deal	with	China.	They	intend	to	start	purchasing	agricultural	product	immediately.	We	make	the	finest	and	cleanest	product	in	the	World	and	that	is	what	China	wants.	Farmers	I	LOVE	YOU!													
in	Argentina	with	President	Xi	of	China	was	an	extraordinary	one.	Relations	with	China	have	taken	a	BIG	leap	forward!	Very	good	things	will	happen.	We	are	dealing	from	great	strength	but	China	likewise	has	much	to	gain	if	and	when	a	deal	is	completed.	Level	the	field!						
agreed	to	reduce	and	remove	tariffs	on	cars	coming	into	China	from	the	U.S.	Currently	the	tariff	is	40%.																																			
Jews	around	the	world	will	celebrate	the	miracles	of	Hanukkah.	@FLOTUS	Melania	and	I	send	our	very	best	wishes	for	a	blessed	and	Happy	Hanukkah!	https://t.co/LrnGcc86w4	https://t.co/Kdjeyvkzmb																											
of	respect	for	the	Bush	Family	and	former	President	George	H.W.	Bush	we	will	wait	until	after	the	funeral	to	have	a	press	conference.																														
very	much	looking	forward	to	having	a	press	conference	just	prior	to	leaving	Argentina	because	we	have	had	such	great	success	in	our	dealing	with	various	countries	and	their	leaders	at	the	G20....																					
H.W.	Bush	led	a	long	successful	and	beautiful	life.		Whenever	I	was	with	him	I	saw	his	absolute	joy	for	life	and	TRUE	pride	in	his	family.	His	accomplishments	were	great	from	beginning	to	end.	He	was	a	truly	wonderful	man	and	will	be	missed	by	all!						
President	Donald	J.	Trump	and	First	Lady	Melania	Trump	on	the	Passing	of	Former	President	George	H.W.	Bush	https://t.co/qxPsp4Ggs7																																			
on	@FoxNews	NOW.	Enjoy!																																																		
at	the	#G20Summit	in	Buenos	Aires	Argentina.	Thank	you!	https://t.co/4IHvUdOygc																																												
on	the	USMCA	-	sooo	much	better	than	NAFTA!																																													
Great	people	of	Alaska.	You	have	been	hit	hard	by	a	“big	one.”	Please	follow	the	directions	of	the	highly	trained	professionals	who	are	there	to	help	you.	Your	Federal	Government	will	spare	no	expense.	God	Bless	you	ALL!															
one	of	the	most	important	and	largest	Trade	Deals	in	U.S.	and	World	History.	The	United	States	Mexico	and	Canada	worked	so	well	together	in	crafting	this	great	document.	The	terrible	NAFTA	will	soon	be	gone.	The	USMCA	will	be	fantastic	for	all!											
																																																					
at	doing	a	building	somewhere	in	Russia.	Put	up	zero	money	zero	guarantees	and	didn’t	do	the	project.	Witch	Hunt!																																		
get	it!	I	am	a	very	good	developer	happily	living	my	life	when	I	see	our	Country	going	in	the	wrong	direction	(to	put	it	mildly).	Against	all	odds	I	decide	to	run	for	President	&amp;	continue	to	run	my	business-very	legal	&amp;	very	cool	talked	about	it	on	the	campaign	trail...		
Argentina	with	a	very	busy	two	days	planned.	Important	meetings	scheduled	throughout.	Our	great	Country	is	extremely	well	represented.	Will	be	very	productive!																															
“These	are	not	crimes.	He	(Mueller)	has	no	authority	to	be	a	roving	Commissioner.	I	don’t	see	any	evidence	of	crimes.”		This	is	an	illegal	Hoax	that	should	be	ended	immediately.	Mueller	refuses	to	look	at	the	real	crimes	on	the	other	side.	Where	is	the	IG	REPORT?					
the	Robert	Mueller	and	his	partisans	have	no	evidence	not	a	whiff	of	collusion	between	Trump	and	the	Russians.	Russian	project	legal.	Trump	Tower	meeting	(son	Don)	perfectly	legal.	He	wasn’t	involved	with	hacking.”					Gregg	Jarrett.		A	total	Witch	Hunt!									
in	Argentina	with	@FLOTUS	Melania!	#G20Summit	https://t.co/Zg15gmPazF																																															
Chair	Ronna	McDaniel	oversaw	history	defying	gains	in	the	Senate	and	unprecedented	fundraising	strength.	I	have	asked	her	to	serve	another	term	for	my	2020	re-elect	because	there	is	no	one	better	for	the	job!																			
been	working	hard	on	this	-	and	it’s	only	going	to	get	better!	https://t.co/MtGjmhMO8B																																								
of	the	new	books	coming	out	you	can't	forget	two	of	the	great	originals	written	by	@GreggJarrett	and	@JudgeJeanine	Pirro.	Their	books	both	went	to	#1.	Go	get	them	now	the	phony	Witch	Hunt	is	well	explained!																	
book	Spygate:,The,Attempted,Sabotage,of,Donald,J.,Trump	is	terrific.	He's	tough	he's	smart	and	he	really	gets	it.	His	book	is	on	sale	now	I	highly	recommend!																																
really	done	a	great	job	in	capturing	my	long-held	views	and	ideas.	This	book	is	on	sale	now	-	a	terrific	read	of	a	really	interesting	subject!																											
Arthur	Laffer	two	very	talented	men	have	just	completed	an	incredible	book	on	my	Economic	Policies	or	as	they	call	it	#TRUMPONOMICS....																																
written	an	absolutely	fascinating	book	(BACK	IN	THE	GAME)	on	the	world	of	D.C.	politics	and	more.	He	has	experienced	so	much	in	a	short	period	of	time.	Few	people	have	had	his	bravery	or	courage	and	he	has	come	all	the	way	back.	A	big	power	and	great	person!				
with	President	Vladimir	Putin.	I	look	forward	to	a	meaningful	Summit	again	as	soon	as	this	situation	is	resolved!																																			
the	fact	that	the	ships	and	sailors	have	not	been	returned	to	Ukraine	from	Russia	I	have	decided	it	would	be	best	for	all	parties	concerned	to	cancel	my	previously	scheduled	meeting....																						
Dollars	are	pouring	into	the	coffers	of	the	U.S.A.	because	of	the	Tariffs	being	charged	to	China	and	there	is	a	long	way	to	go.	If	companies	don’t	want	to	pay	Tariffs	build	in	the	U.S.A.	Otherwise	lets	just	make	our	Country	richer	than	ever	before!								
this	illegal	Joseph	McCarthy	style	Witch	Hunt	one	that	has	shattered	so	many	innocent	lives	ever	end-or	will	it	just	go	on	forever?	After	wasting	more	than	$40,000,000 	(is	that	possible?)	it	has	proven	only	one	thing-there	was	NO	Collusion	with	Russia.	So	Ridiculous!										
ever	see	an	investigation	more	in	search	of	a	crime?	At	the	same	time	Mueller	and	the	Angry	Democrats	aren’t	even	looking	at	the	atrocious	and	perhaps	subversive	crimes	that	were	committed	by	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	and	the	Democrats.	A	total	disgrace!												
is	very	counter	to	what	other	auto	and	other	companies	are	doing.	Big	Steel	is	opening	and	renovating	plants	all	over	the	country.	Auto	companies	are	pouring	into	the	U.S.	including	BMW	which	just	announced	a	major	new	plant.	The	U.S.A.	is	booming!											
happening	with	the	now	discredited	Witch	Hunt.	This	total	Hoax	will	be	studied	for	years!																																							
a	very	talented	man	who	I	got	to	know	well	while	he	was	working	at	the	White	House	has	just	written	an	excellent	book	“Why	We	Fight.”	Much	will	be	learned	from	this	very	good	read!																		
of	@FLOTUS	Melania	and	the	entire	Trump	family	I	want	to	wish	you	all	a	very	MERRY	CHRISTMAS!	May	this	Christmas	Season	bring	peace	to	your	hearts	warmth	to	your	homes	cheer	to	your	spirits	and	JOY	TO	THE	WORLD!	#NCTL2018🎄	https://t.co/XNMJQ5JDSU												
announced	that	it	will	build	a	brand	new	3	million	ton	steel	mill	in	the	Southwest	that	will	create	600	good-paying	U.S.	JOBS.	Steel	JOBS	are	coming	back	to	America	just	like	I	predicted.	Congratulations	to	Steel	Dynamics!																
would	not	be	closing	their	plants	in	Ohio	Michigan	&amp;	Maryland.	Get	smart	Congress.	Also	the	countries	that	send	us	cars	have	taken	advantage	of	the	U.S.	for	decades.	The	President	has	great	power	on	this	issue	-	Because	of	the	G.M.	event	it	is	being	studied	now!						
that	the	small	truck	business	in	the	U.S.	is	such	a	go	to	favorite	is	that	for	many	years	Tariffs	of	25%	have	been	put	on	small	trucks	coming	into	our	country.	It	is	called	the	“chicken	tax.”	If	we	did	that	with	cars	coming	in	many	more	cars	would	be	built	here.....	
disgusting	Fake	News	is	doing	everything	within	their	power	not	to	report	it	that	way	at	least	3	major	players	are	intimating	that	the	Angry	Mueller	Gang	of	Dems	is	viciously	telling	witnesses	to	lie	about	facts	&amp;	they	will	get	relief.	This	is	our	Joseph	McCarthy	Era!						
Senator	Cindy	Hyde-Smith	on	your	big	WIN	in	the	Great	State	of	Mississippi.	We	are	all	very	proud	of	you!																																		
in	charge	of	voting	in	Broward	County	Florida	was	just	spotted	wearing	a	beautiful	dress	with	300	I	VOTED	signs	on	it.	Just	kidding	she	is	a	fine	very	honorable	and	highly	respected	voting	tactician!																			
Witch	Hunt	is	a	total	disgrace.	They	are	looking	at	supposedly	stolen	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	Emails	(even	though	they	don’t	want	to	look	at	the	DNC	Server)	but	have	no	interest	in	the	Emails	that	Hillary	DELETED	&amp;	acid	washed	AFTER	getting	a	Congressional	Subpoena!									
with	General	Motors	and	their	CEO	Mary	Barra	for	closing	plants	in	Ohio	Michigan	and	Maryland.	Nothing	being	closed	in	Mexico	&amp;	China.	The	U.S.	saved	General	Motors	and	this	is	the	THANKS	we	get!	We	are	now	looking	at	cutting	all	@GM	subsidies	including....									
cars.	General	Motors	made	a	big	China	bet	years	ago	when	they	built	plants	there	(and	in	Mexico)	-	don’t	think	that	bet	is	going	to	pay	off.	I	am	here	to	protect	America’s	Workers!																			
open	in	Mississippi.	We	need	Cindy	Hyde-Smith	in	Washington.	GO	OUT	AND	VOTE.	Thanks!																																								
of	Angry	Democrats.	Look	at	their	past	and	look	where	they	come	from.	The	now	$30,000,000 	Witch	Hunt	continues	and	they’ve	got	nothing	but	ruined	lives.	Where	is	the	Server?	Let	these	terrible	people	go	back	to	the	Clinton	Foundation	and	“Justice”	Department!											
News	Media	builds	Bob	Mueller	up	as	a	Saint	when	in	actuality	he	is	the	exact	opposite.	He	is	doing	TREMENDOUS	damage	to	our	Criminal	Justice	System	where	he	is	only	looking	at	one	side	and	not	the	other.	Heroes	will	come	of	this	and	it	won’t	be	Mueller	and	his...			
Witch	Hunt	continues	but	Mueller	and	his	gang	of	Angry	Dems	are	only	looking	at	one	side	not	the	other.	Wait	until	it	comes	out	how	horribly	&amp;	viciously	they	are	treating	people	ruining	lives	for	them	refusing	to	lie.	Mueller	is	a	conflicted	prosecutor	gone	rogue....							
election	is	on	December	4th.	@VoteBradRaff	is	tough	on	Crime	and	Borders	Loves	our	Military	and	Vets.	He	will	be	great	for	jobs!																															
will	be	a	fantastic	Secretary	of	State	for	Georgia	-	will	work	closely	with	@BrianKempGA.	It	is	really	important	that	you	get	out	and	vote	for	Brad	-	early	voting....																								
doesn’t	do	great	in	the	United	States	based	on	ratings	outside	of	the	U.S.	they	have	very	little	competition.	Throughout	the	world	CNN	has	a	powerful	voice	portraying	the	United	States	in	an	unfair....																				
way.	Something	has	to	be	done	including	the	possibility	of	the	United	States	starting	our	own	Worldwide	Network	to	show	the	World	the	way	we	really	are	GREAT!																										
ten-year	anniversary	of	the	Mumbai	terror	attack	the	U.S.	stands	with	the	people	of	India	in	their	quest	for	justice.	The	attack	killed	166	innocents	including	six	Americans.	We	will	never	let	terrorists	win	or	even	come	close	to	winning!														
people	closely	involved	with	my	campaign	who	never	met	saw	or	spoke	to	a	Russian	during	this	period?	So	many	campaign	workers	people	inside	from	the	beginning	ask	me	why	they	have	not	been	called	(they	want	to	be).	There	was	NO	Collusion	&amp;	Mueller	knows	it!							
does	his	final	report	will	he	be	covering	all	of	his	conflicts	of	interest	in	a	preamble	will	he	be	recommending	action	on	all	of	the	crimes	of	many	kinds	from	those	“on	the	other	side”(whatever	happened	to	Podesta?)	and	will	he	be	putting	in	statements	from.....							
move	the	flag	waving	Migrants	many	of	whom	are	stone	cold	criminals	back	to	their	countries.	Do	it	by	plane	do	it	by	bus	do	it	anyway	you	want	but	they	are	NOT	coming	into	the	U.S.A.	We	will	close	the	Border	permanently	if	need	be.	Congress	fund	the	WALL!				
parents	as	did	Bush	etc.	because	that	is	the	policy	and	law.	I	tried	to	keep	them	together	but	the	problem	is	when	you	do	that	vast	numbers	of	additional	people	storm	the	Border.	So	with	Obama	seperation	is	fine	but	with	Trump	it’s	not.	Fake	60	Minutes!						
a	phony	story	about	child	separation	when	they	know	we	had	the	exact	same	policy	as	the	Obama	Administration.	In	fact	a	picture	of	children	in	jails	was	used	by	other	Fake	Media	to	show	how	bad	(cruel)	we	are	but	it	was	in	2014	during	O	years.	Obama	separated....				
donations	drop	42%	-	which	shows	that	they	illegally	played	the	power	game.	They	monetized	their	political	influence	through	the	Foundation.	“During	her	tenure	the	State	Department	was	put	in	the	service	of	the	Clinton	Foundation.”		Andrew	McCarthy															
to	pay	their	fair	share	for	Military	Protection.	The	European	Union	for	many	years	has	taken	advantage	of	us	on	Trade	and	then	they	don’t	live	up	to	their	Military	commitment	through	NATO.	Things	must	change	fast!																	
Tata:	“President	Trump	is	a	man	of	his	word	&amp;	he	said	he	was	going	to	be	tough	on	the	Border	and	he	is	tough	on	the	Border.	He	has	rightfully	strengthened	the	Border	in	the	face	of	an	unprecedented	threat.	It’s	the	right	move	by	President	Trump.”	Thanks	General!				
for	@cindyhydesmith	on	Tuesday.	Respected	by	all.	We	need	her	in	Washington!.	Thanks!																																									
that	oil	prices	are	falling	(thank	you	President	T).	Add	that	which	is	like	a	big	Tax	Cut	to	our	other	good	Economic	news.	Inflation	down	(are	you	listening	Fed)!																								
very	SMART	if	Mexico	would	stop	the	Caravans	long	before	they	get	to	our	Southern	Border	or	if	originating	countries	would	not	let	them	form	(it	is	a	way	they	get	certain	people	out	of	their	country	and	dump	in	U.S.	No	longer).	Dems	created	this	problem.	No	crossings!					
and	violent	French	protests	don’t	take	into	account	how	badly	the	United	States	has	been	treated	on	Trade	by	the	European	Union	or	on	fair	and	reasonable	payments	for	our	GREAT	military	protection.	Both	of	these	topics	must	be	remedied	soon.													
be	in	Gulfport	and	Tupelo	Mississippi	on	Monday	night	doing	two	Rallies	for	Senator	Hyde-Smith	who	has	a	very	important	Election	on	Tuesday.	She	is	an	outstanding	person	who	is	strong	on	the	Border	Crime	Military	our	great	Vets	Healthcare	&amp;	the	2nd	A.	Needed	in	D.C.							
Hanson	was	a	very	good	and	interesting	guest	of	Mark	Levin	on	@FoxNews.	He	wrote	a	highly	touted	book	called	“The	Second	World	Wars”	and	a	new	book	will	soon	be	coming	out	called	“The	Case	For	Trump.”	Recommend	both.	@marklevinshow													
stay	in	Mexico.	If	for	any	reason	it	becomes	necessary	we	will	CLOSE	our	Southern	Border.	There	is	no	way	that	the	United	States	will	after	decades	of	abuse	put	up	with	this	costly	and	dangerous	situation	anymore!																
the	Southern	Border	will	not	be	allowed	into	the	United	States	until	their	claims	are	individually	approved	in	court.	We	only	will	allow	those	who	come	into	our	Country	legally.	Other	than	that	our	very	strong	policy	is	Catch	and	Detain.	No	“Releasing”	into	the	U.S...								
extremely	happy	and	proud	of	the	job	being	done	by	@USTreasury	Secretary	@StevenMnuchin1.	The	FAKE	NEWS	likes	to	write	stories	to	the	contrary	quoting	phony	sources	or	jealous	people	but	they	aren’t	true.	They	never	like	to	ask	me	for	a	quote	b/c	it	would	kill	their	story.						
Criminal	Justice	Reform	has	a	TRUE	shot	at	major	bipartisan	support.	@senatemajldr	Mitch	McConnell	and	@SenSchumer	have	a	real	chance	to	do	something	so	badly	needed	in	our	country.	Already	passed	with	big	vote	in	House.	Would	be	a	major	victory	for	ALL!											
Criminal	Justice	Reform	has	a	TRUE	shot	at	major	bipartisan	support.	@senatemajldr	Mitch	McConnell	and	@senchuckschumer	have	a	real	chance	to	do	something	so	badly	needed	in	our	country.	Already	past	with	big	vote	in	House.	Would	be	a	major	victory	for	ALL!											
Democrats	MUST	come	together	finally	with	a	major	Border	Security	package	which	will	include	funding	for	the	Wall.	After	40	years	of	talk	it	is	finally	time	for	action.	Fix	the	Border	for	once	and	for	all	NOW!																
trained	security	professionals	are	not	allowed	to	do	their	job	on	the	Border	because	of	the	Judicial	Activism	and	Interference	by	the	9th	Circuit.	Nevertheless	they	are	working	hard	to	make	America	a	safer	place	though	hard	to	do	when	anybody	filing	a	lawsuit	wins!									
the	coldest	weather	in	the	history	of	the	Thanksgiving	Day	Parade	in	NYC	and	one	of	the	coldest	Thanksgivings	on	record!																																	
																																																					
speaking	with	our	great	military	in	different	parts	of	the	world	through	teleconference	at	9:00	A.M.	Eastern.	Then	it	will	be	off	to	see	our	Coast	Guard	patriots	&amp;	to	thank	them	for	the	great	job	they	have	been	doing	especially	with	the	hurricanes.	Happy	Thanksgiving!								
at	the	Border	or	anywhere	else.	They	know	nothing	about	it	and	are	making	our	Country	unsafe.	Our	great	Law	Enforcement	professionals	MUST	BE	ALLOWED	TO	DO	THEIR	JOB!	If	not	there	will	be	only	bedlam	chaos	injury	and	death.	We	want	the	Constitution	as	written!								
can	say	what	he	wants	but	the	9th	Circuit	is	a	complete	&amp;	total	disaster.	It	is	out	of	control	has	a	horrible	reputation	is	overturned	more	than	any	Circuit	in	the	Country	79%	&amp;	is	used	to	get	an	almost	guaranteed	result.	Judges	must	not	Legislate	Security...						
TO	ALL!																																																				
mean	&amp;	nasty	world	out	there	the	Middle	East	in	particular.	This	is	a	long	and	historic	commitment	&amp;	one	that	is	absolutely	vital	to	America’s	national	security.”	@SecPompeo		I	agree	100%.	In	addition	many	Billions	of	Dollars	of	purchases	made	in	U.S.	big	Jobs	&amp;	Oil!						
can’t	win	with	the	Fake	News	Media.	A	big	story	today	is	that	because	I	have	pushed	so	hard	and	gotten	Gasoline	Prices	so	low	more	people	are	driving	and	I	have	caused	traffic	jams	throughout	our	Great	Nation.	Sorry	everyone!													
Extended	Cold	Blast	could	shatter	ALL	RECORDS	-	Whatever	happened	to	Global	Warming?																																									
these	decisions	have	been	overturned	in	the	9th	Circuit.”	@FoxNews		A	terrible	costly	and	dangerous	disgrace.	It	has	become	a	dumping	ground	for	certain	lawyers	looking	for	easy	wins	and	delays.	Much	talk	over	dividing	up	the	9th	Circuit	into	2	or	3	Circuits.	Too	big!							
a	lot	of	CRIMINALS	in	the	Caravan.	We	will	stop	them.	Catch	and	Detain!	Judicial	Activism	by	people	who	know	nothing	about	security	and	the	safety	of	our	citizens	is	putting	our	country	in	great	danger.	Not	good!																
to	President	Trump	on	the	Border.	No	American	President	has	ever	done	this	before.”	Hector	Garza	National	Border	Patrol	Council																																		
many	opposing	view	(on	Border	and	Safety)	cases	filed	there	and	why	are	a	vast	number	of	those	cases	overturned.	Please	study	the	numbers	they	are	shocking.	We	need	protection	and	security	-	these	rulings	are	making	our	country	unsafe!	Very	dangerous	and	unwise!										
Justice	John	Roberts	but	you	do	indeed	have	“Obama	judges”	and	they	have	a	much	different	point	of	view	than	the	people	who	are	charged	with	the	safety	of	our	country.	It	would	be	great	if	the	9th	Circuit	was	indeed	an	“independent	judiciary”	but	if	it	is	why......					
book	out	“Mad	Politics:	Keeping	Your	Sanity	in	a	World	Gone	Crazy”	by	@RealDrGina	Loudon.	Go	out	and	get	your	copy	today	—	a	great	read!																												
Syndrome’	is	afflicting	the	president’s	liberal	enemies”	Thank	you	@MGoodwin_NYPost!	https://t.co/KpmsrKCaBZ																																											
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
getting	lower.	Great!	Like	a	big	Tax	Cut	for	America	and	the	World.	Enjoy!	$54 	was	just	$82.00 	Thank	you	to	Saudi	Arabia	but	let’s	go	lower!																											
																																																					
Michelle	Wolf	bombed	so	badly	last	year	at	the	White	House	Correspondents’	Dinner	that	this	year	for	the	first	time	in	decades	they	will	have	an	author	instead	of	a	comedian.	Good	first	step	in	comeback	of	a	dying	evening	and	tradition!	Maybe	I	will	go?								
the	discovery	and	eventual	recovery	of	the	Argentine	submarine	San	Juan	brings	needed	closure	to	the	wonderful	families	of	those	brave	missing	sailors.	I	look	forward	to	hearing	more	from	my	friend	President	@MauricioMacri	in	Argentina	later	this	month.															
News	is	showing	old	footage	of	people	climbing	over	our	Ocean	Area	Fence.	This	is	what	it	really	looks	like	-	no	climbers	anymore	under	our	Administration!	https://t.co/CD4ltRePML																										
longer	pay	Pakistan	the	$Billions	because	they	would	take	our	money	and	do	nothing	for	us	Bin	Laden	being	a	prime	example	Afghanistan	being	another.	They	were	just	one	of	many	countries	that	take	from	the	United	States	without	giving	anything	in	return.	That’s	ENDING!									
we	should	have	captured	Osama	Bin	Laden	long	before	we	did.	I	pointed	him	out	in	my	book	just	BEFORE	the	attack	on	the	World	Trade	Center.	President	Clinton	famously	missed	his	shot.	We	paid	Pakistan	Billions	of	Dollars	&amp;	they	never	told	us	he	was	living	there.	Fools!..					
Mississippi	and	our	Great	U.S.A.	https://t.co/hQPC4CrhDi																																																
one	Rick	Scott	never	wavered.	He	was	a	great	Governor	and	will	be	even	a	greater	Senator	in	representing	the	People	of	Florida.	Congratulations	to	Rick	on	having	waged	such	a	courageous	and	successful	campaign!																			
Release	is	an	obsolete	term.	It	is	now	Catch	and	Detain.	Illegal	Immigrants	trying	to	come	into	the	U.S.A.	often	proudly	flying	the	flag	of	their	nation	as	they	ask	for	U.S.	Asylum	will	be	detained	or	turned	away.	Dems	must	approve	Border	Security	&amp;	Wall	NOW!							
of	Tijuana	Mexico	just	stated	that	“the	City	is	ill-prepared	to	handle	this	many	migrants	the	backlog	could	last	6	months.”	Likewise	the	U.S.	is	ill-prepared	for	this	invasion	and	will	not	stand	for	it.	They	are	causing	crime	and	big	problems	in	Mexico.	Go	home!								
to	see	little	Adam	Schitt	(D-CA)	talking	about	the	fact	that	Acting	Attorney	General	Matt	Whitaker	was	not	approved	by	the	Senate	but	not	mentioning	the	fact	that	Bob	Mueller	(who	is	highly	conflicted)	was	not	approved	by	the	Senate!														
be	interviewed	by	Chris	Wallace	on	@FoxNews	at	2:00	P.M.	and	7:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																								
be	with	our	GREAT	HEROES	today	in	California.	We	will	always	be	with	you!	https://t.co/B1MCTF83Zf																																							
California	with	@GOPLeader	Kevin	McCarthy	@RepLaMalfa	and	@KenCalvert.	Look	forward	to	being	with	our	brave	Firefighters	First	Responders	and	@FEMA	along	with	the	many	brave	People	of	California.	We	are	with	you	all	the	way	–	God	Bless	you	all!														
imagine	any	President	having	a	better	or	closer	relationship	with	their	Vice	President	then	the	two	of	us.	Just	more	FAKE	NEWS	the	Enemy	of	the	People!																											
York	Times	did	a	phony	story	as	usual	about	my	relationship	with	@VP	Mike	Pence.	They	made	up	sources	and	refused	to	ask	me	the	only	one	that	would	know	for	a	quote....																					
Andrew	Gillum	on	having	run	a	really	tough	and	competitive	race	for	Governor	of	the	Great	State	of	Florida.	He	will	be	a	strong	Democrat	warrior	long	into	the	future	-	a	force	to	reckon	with!																		
get	Nancy	Pelosi	as	many	votes	as	she	wants	in	order	for	her	to	be	Speaker	of	the	House.	She	deserves	this	victory	she	has	earned	it	-	but	there	are	those	in	her	party	who	are	trying	to	take	it	away.	She	will	win!	@TomReedCongress								
@JerryBrownGov.	Look	forward	to	joining	you	and	@GavinNewsom	tomorrow	in	California.	We	are	with	you!	https://t.co/UuXWAadmov																																						
flag.	Can	this	be	possible?	Yes	because	it	is	all	a	BIG	CON	and	the	American	taxpayer	is	paying	for	it!																																	
ironic	that	large	Caravans	of	people	are	marching	to	our	border	wanting	U.S.A.	asylum	because	they	are	fearful	of	being	in	their	country	-	yet	they	are	proudly	waving....																									
Brian	Kemp	on	becoming	the	new	Governor	of	Georgia.	Stacey	Abrams	fought	brilliantly	and	hard	-	she	will	have	a	terrific	political	future!	Brian	was	unrelenting	and	will	become	a	great	Governor	for	the	truly	Wonderful	People	of	Georgia!															
Ron	DeSantis	on	becoming	the	new	Governor	of	Florida.	Against	all	odds	he	fought	&amp;	fought	&amp;	fought	the	result	being	a	historic	victory.	He	never	gave	up	and	never	will.	He	will	be	a	great	Governor!																	
OF	FREEDOM	https://t.co/Mgeg4wijTk																																																			
not	being	told	that	the	Republican	Party	is	on	track	to	pick	up	two	seats	in	the	U.S.	Senate	and	epic	victory:	53	to	47	The	Fake	News	Media	only	wants	to	speak	of	the	House	where	the	Midterm	results	were	better	than	other	sitting	Presidents.								
the	East	Room	of	the	@WhiteHouse	it	was	my	TRUE	privilege	to	award	seven	extraordinary	Americans	with	the	Presidential	Medal	of	Freedom...https://t.co/TuEy635mav																																
not	being	told	that	the	Republican	Party	is	on	track	to	pick	up	two	seats	in	the	U.S.	Senate	and	epic	victory:	53	to	47	The	Fake	News	Media	only	wants	to	speak	of	the	House	were	the	Midterm	results	were	better	than	other	sitting	Presidents.								
our	sacred	duty	to	support	America’s	Service	Members	every	single	day	they	wear	the	uniform	–	and	every	day	after	when	they	return	home	as	Veterans.	Together	we	will	HONOR	those	who	defend	us	we	will	CHERISH	those	who	protect	us	and	we	will	celebrate	the	amazing	heroes...	https://t.co/kovcIj4fwU					
I	signed	the	landmark	VA	Accountability	Act	to	ensure	those	who	mistreat	our	Veterans	can	be	held	fully	accountable.	Since	my	inauguration	we	have	removed	more	than	3600	government	employees	who	were	not	giving	our	Vets	the	care	they	deserve....	https://t.co/KqWXXt7D4U													
my	great	honor	to	host	a	@WhiteHouse	Conference	on	Supporting	Veterans	&amp;	Military	Families...To	everyone	here	today	who	has	served	our	Country	in	uniform	&amp;	to	every	Veteran	&amp;	Military	family	across	our	land	I	want	to	express	the	eternal	gratitude	of	our	entire	Nation!	https://t.co/MK8jUaTGFK								
and	I	were	honored	to	visit	with	our	GREAT	U.S.	MARINES	at	the	Marine	Barracks	here	in	Washington	D.C.	We	love	you	@USMC	@MBWDC!	https://t.co/ASWmDZrDRK	https://t.co/xYrPw9zzVv																												
“Collusion”	is	that	of	the	Democrats	with	Russia	and	many	others.	Why	didn’t	the	FBI	take	the	Server	from	the	DNC?	They	still	don’t	have	it.	Check	out	how	biased	Facebook	Google	and	Twitter	are	in	favor	of	the	Democrats.	That’s	the	real	Collusion!										
someday	study	what	highly	conflicted	(and	NOT	Senate	approved)	Bob	Mueller	and	his	gang	of	Democrat	thugs	have	done	to	destroy	people.	Why	is	he	protecting	Crooked	Hillary	Comey	McCabe	Lisa	Page	&amp;	her	lover	Peter	S	and	all	of	his	friends	on	the	other	side?								
many	lives	the	ruin.	These	are	Angry	People	including	the	highly	conflicted	Bob	Mueller	who	worked	for	Obama	for	8	years.	They	won’t	even	look	at	all	of	the	bad	acts	and	crimes	on	the	other	side.	A	TOTAL	WITCH	HUNT	LIKE	NO	OTHER	IN	AMERICAN	HISTORY!							
workings	of	the	Mueller	investigation	are	a	total	mess.	They	have	found	no	collusion	and	have	gone	absolutely	nuts.	They	are	screaming	and	shouting	at	people	horribly	threatening	them	to	come	up	with	the	answers	they	want.	They	are	a	disgrace	to	our	Nation	and	don’t...								
House	is	running	very	smoothly	and	the	results	for	our	Nation	are	obviously	very	good.	We	are	the	envy	of	the	world.	But	anytime	I	even	think	about	making	changes	the	FAKE	NEWS	MEDIA	goes	crazy	always	seeking	to	make	us	look	as	bad	as	possible!	Very	dishonest!						
to	hire	American	includes	those	leaving	prison	and	looking	for	a	very	fresh	start	—	new	job	and	new	life.	The	legislation	I	am	supporting	today	contains	many	significant	reforms.	Read	more	here:	https://t.co/BwQ3qd9Fyk	https://t.co/6DUY9KNTpR																			
grateful	to	be	here	today	w/	Members	of	the	House	&amp;	Senate	who	have	poured	their	time	heart	and	energy	into	the	crucial	issue	of	Prison	Reform.	Working	together	w/	my	Admin	over	the	last	two	years	these	members	have	reached	a	bipartisan	agreement...https://t.co/wflidv2cZr										
to	Governor	Jerry	Brown	to	let	him	know	that	we	are	with	him	and	the	people	of	California	all	the	way!																																	
briefed	by	@FEMA_Brock	and	@SecretaryZinke	who	are	in	California.	Thank	you	to	the	great	Firefighters	First	Responders	and	@FEMA	for	the	incredible	job	they	are	doing	w/	the	California	Wildfires.	Our	Nation	appreciates	your	heroism	courage	&amp;	genius.	God	Bless	you	all!												
in	many	years	America’s	steelworkers	get	a	hard-earned	raise	because	of	my	Administration’s	policies	to	help	bring	back	the	U.S.	steel	industry	which	is	critical	to	our	National	Security.	I	will	always	protect	America	and	its	workers!																	
high	business	optimism	need	for	employees	at	45-year	high”	https://t.co/jBFjEwAcfd																																												
my	great	honor	to	host	a	celebration	of	Diwali	the	Hindu	Festival	of	Lights	in	the	Roosevelt	Room	at	the	@WhiteHouse	this	afternoon.	Very	very	special	people!	https://t.co/kQk7IvpSFo	https://t.co/tYlBABg4JF																									
gathered	for	Diwali	a	holiday	observed	by	Buddhists	Sikhs	and	Jains	throughout	the	United	States	&amp;	around	the	world.	Hundreds	of	millions	of	people	have	gathered	with	family	&amp;	friends	to	light	the	Diya	and	to	mark	the	beginning	of	a	New	Year.	https://t.co/epHogpTY1A	https://t.co/9LUwnhngWJ									
gathered	for	Diwali	a	holiday	observed	by	Buddhists	Sikhs	and	Jains	throughout	the	United	States	&amp;	around	the	world.	Hundreds	of	millions	of	people	have	gathered	with	family	&amp;	friends	to	light	the	Diya	and	to	mark	the	beginning	of	a	New	Year.	https://t.co/a1QRfaPm37	https://t.co/LKRTr0nCQl									
for	the	lives	lost	and	we	pray	for	the	victims	of	the	California	Wildfires.	I	want	to	thank	the	Firefighters	and	First	Responders	for	their	incredible	courage	in	the	face	of	grave	danger....	https://t.co/3YQYZR8OzS																				
in	the	New	York	Times	concerning	North	Korea	developing	missile	bases	is	inaccurate.	We	fully	know	about	the	sites	being	discussed	nothing	new	-	and	nothing	happening	out	of	the	normal.	Just	more	Fake	News.	I	will	be	the	first	to	let	you	know	if	things	go	bad!						
Bill	Nelson	concede	in	Florida?	The	characters	running	Broward	and	Palm	Beach	voting	will	not	be	able	to	“find”	enough	votes	too	much	spotlight	on	them	now!																											
way	when	the	helicopter	couldn’t	fly	to	the	first	cemetery	in	France	because	of	almost	zero	visibility	I	suggested	driving.	Secret	Service	said	NO	too	far	from	airport	&amp;	big	Paris	shutdown.	Speech	next	day	at	American	Cemetery	in	pouring	rain!	Little	reported-Fake	News!										
way	when	the	helicopter	couldn’t	fly	to	the	first	cemetery	in	France	because	of	almost	zero	visibility	I	suggested	driving.	Secret	Service	said	NO	too	far	from	airport	&amp;	big	Paris	shutdown.	Speech	next	day	at	American	Cemetary	in	pouring	rain!	Little	reported-Fake	News!										
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
is	that	Emmanuel	suffers	from	a	very	low	Approval	Rating	in	France	26%	and	an	unemployment	rate	of	almost	10%.	He	was	just	trying	to	get	onto	another	subject.	By	the	way	there	is	no	country	more	Nationalist	than	France	very	proud	people-and	rightfully	so!........									
France	makes	excellent	wine	but	so	does	the	U.S.	The	problem	is	that	France	makes	it	very	hard	for	the	U.S.	to	sell	its	wines	into	France	and	charges	big	Tariffs	whereas	the	U.S.	makes	it	easy	for	French	wines	and	charges	very	small	Tariffs.	Not	fair	must	change!					
suggests	building	its	own	army	to	protect	Europe	against	the	U.S.	China	and	Russia.	But	it	was	Germany	in	World	Wars	One	&amp;	Two	-	How	did	that	work	out	for	France?	They	were	starting	to	learn	German	in	Paris	before	the	U.S.	came	along.	Pay	for	NATO	or	not!				
approved	an	expedited	request	for	a	Major	Disaster	Declaration	for	the	State	of	California.	Wanted	to	respond	quickly	in	order	to	alleviate	some	of	the	incredible	suffering	going	on.	I	am	with	you	all	the	way.	God	Bless	all	of	the	victims	and	families	affected.									
Arabia	and	OPEC	will	not	be	cutting	oil	production.	Oil	prices	should	be	much	lower	based	on	supply!																																				
Association	has	big	problems	with	Comcast.	They	say	that	Comcast	routinely	violates	Antitrust	Laws.	“These	guys	are	acting	much	worse	and	have	much	more	potential	for	damage	to	consumers	than	anything	AT&amp;T-Time	Warner	would	do.”	Charlie	Gasparino																	
Fire	Fighters	FEMA	and		First	Responders	are	amazing	and	very	brave.	Thank	you	and	God	Bless	you	all!																																			
of	Presidential	Harassment	by	the	Dems	is	causing	the	Stock	Market	big	headaches!																																									
Election	should	be	called	in	favor	of	Rick	Scott	and	Ron	DeSantis	in	that	large	numbers	of	new	ballots	showed	up	out	of	nowhere	and	many	ballots	are	missing	or	forged.	An	honest	vote	count	is	no	longer	possible-ballots	massively	infected.	Must	go	with	Election	Night!								
spent	on	protecting	other	countries	and	we	get	nothing	but	Trade	Deficits	and	Losses.	It	is	time	that	these	very	rich	countries	either	pay	the	United	States	for	its	great	military	protection	or	protect	themselves...and	Trade	must	be	made	FREE	and	FAIR!												
billions	of	dollars	for	the	great	privilege	of	losing	hundreds	of	billions	of	dollars	with	these	same	countries	on	trade.	I	told	them	that	this	situation	cannot	continue	-	It	is	and	always	has	been	ridiculously	unfair	to	the	United	States.	Massive	amounts.....											
from	France	where	much	was	accomplished	in	my	meetings	with	World	Leaders.	Never	easy	bringing	up	the	fact	that	the	U.S.	must	be	treated	fairly	which	it	hasn’t	on	both	Military	and	Trade.	We	pay	for	LARGE	portions	of	other	countries	military	protection........											
years	ago	today	on	November	11th	1918	World	War	I	came	to	an	end.	We	are	gathered	together	at	this	hallowed	resting	place	to	pay	tribute	to	the	brave	Americans	who	gave	their	last	breath	in	that	mighty	struggle....	https://t.co/JPUkOr4rW1														
great	country	-	Congratulations	on	the	100th	Anniversary	of	your	Independence.	I	will	never	forget	my	time	there!	https://t.co/gEme6McF1x																																			
today	in	Paris	commemorating	the	end	of	World	War	One.	Many	World	leaders	in	attendance.	Thank	you	to	@EmmanuelMacron	President	of	France!	Now	off	to	Suresnes	American	Cemetery	to	make	speech	in	honor	of	our	great	heroes!	Then	back	to	the	U.S.A.												
Veterans	Day	—	the	100th	Anniversary	of	the	end	of	WWI	we	honor	the	brave	HEROES	who	fought	for	America	in	the	Great	War	and	every	Veteran	who	has	worn	the	uniform	and	kept	our	Nation	Safe	Strong	and	FREE!	https://t.co/zBvvYRR7XE	https://t.co/YO06ztfvNm												
Forest	Management	we	can	stop	the	devastation	constantly	going	on	in	California.	Get	Smart!																																								
fires	are	expanding	very	very	quickly	(in	some	cases	80-100	acres	a	minute).	If	people	don’t	evacuate	quickly	they	risk	being	overtaken	by	the	fire.	Please	listen	to	evacuation	orders	from	State	and	local	officials!																			
4000	are	fighting	the	Camp	and	Woolsey	Fires	in	California	that	have	burned	over	170000	acres.	Our	hearts	are	with	those	fighting	the	fires	the	52000	who	have	evacuated	and	the	families	of	the	11	who	have	died.	The	destruction	is	catastrophic.	God	Bless	them	all.								
STEAL	two	big	elections	in	Florida!	We	are	watching	closely!																																												
productive	meetings	and	calls	for	our	Country	today.	Meeting	tonight	with	World	Leaders!																																									
Birthday	to	our	GREAT	U.S.	Marine	Corps🇺🇸	https://t.co/1cPtoMfmxP																																														
in	Paris	getting	ready	to	celebrate	the	end	of	World	War	One.	Is	there	anything	better	to	celebrate	than	the	end	of	a	war	in	particular	that	one	which	was	one	of	the	bloodiest	and	worst	of	all	time?															
no	reason	for	these	massive	deadly	and	costly	forest	fires	in	California	except	that	forest	management	is	so	poor.	Billions	of	dollars	are	given	each	year	with	so	many	lives	lost	all	because	of	gross	mismanagement	of	the	forests.	Remedy	now	or	no	more	Fed	payments!								
is	very	highly	thought	of	by	@SenJoniErnst	Senator	@ChuckGrassley	Ambassador	@TerryBranstad	Leonard	Leo	of	Federalist	Society	and	many	more.	I	feel	certain	he	will	make	an	outstanding	Acting	Attorney	General!																								
Whitaker	is	a	highly	respected	former	U.S.	Attorney	from	Iowa.	He	was	chosen	by	Jeff	Sessions	to	be	his	Chief	of	Staff.	I	did	not	know	Mr.	Whitaker.	Likewise	as	Chief	I	did	not	know	Mr.	Whitaker	except	primarily	as	he	traveled	with	A.G.	Sessions.	No	social	contact...						
of	France	has	just	suggested	that	Europe	build	its	own	military	in	order	to	protect	itself	from	the	U.S.	China	and	Russia.	Very	insulting	but	perhaps	Europe	should	first	pay	its	fair	share	of	NATO	which	the	U.S.	subsidizes	greatly!														
—	in	Arizona	SIGNATURES	DON’T	MATCH.	Electoral	corruption	-	Call	for	a	new	Election?	We	must	protect	our	Democracy!																																			
@marcorubio	for	helping	to	expose	the	potential	corruption	going	on	with	respect	to	Election	Theft	in	Broward	and	Palm	Beach	Counties.	The	WORLD	is	now	watching	closely!																											
2016	Election	I	was	winning	by	so	much	in	Florida	that	Broward	County	which	was	very	late	with	vote	tabulation	and	probably	getting	ready	to	do	a	“number”	couldn’t	do	it	because	not	enough	people	live	in	Broward	for	them	to	falsify	a	victory!										
conceded	on	Election	Day	and	now	Broward	County	has	put	him	“back	into	play.”	Bill	Nelson	conceded	Election	-	now	he’s	back	in	play!?	This	is	an	embarrassment	to	our	Country	and	to	Democracy!																				
was	up	by	50000+	votes	on	Election	Day	now	they	“found”	many	votes	and	he	is	only	up	15000	votes.	“The	Broward	Effect.”	How	come	they	never	find	Republican	votes?																								
doesn’t	want	to	protect	the	Non-Senate	confirmed	Special	Counsel	he	wants	to	protect	his	future	after	being	unelectable	in	Arizona	for	the	“crime”	of	doing	a	terrible	job!	A	weak	and	ineffective	guy!																					
as	Democrats	sent	their	best	Election	stealing	lawyer	Marc	Elias	to	Broward	County	they	miraculously	started	finding	Democrat	votes.	Don’t	worry	Florida	-	I	am	sending	much	better	lawyers	to	expose	the	FRAUD!																					
they	are	just	now	finding	votes	in	Florida	and	Georgia	–	but	the	Election	was	on	Tuesday?	Let’s	blame	the	Russians	and	demand	an	immediate	apology	from	President	Putin!																									
a	great	race	in	Georgia	–	he	won.	It	is	time	to	move	on!																																								
Addressing	Mass	Migration	Through	the	Southern	Border	of	the	United	States”	https://t.co/9blzn1XGyS																																										
is	looking	into	another	big	corruption	scandal	having	to	do	with	Election	Fraud	in	#Broward	and	Palm	Beach.	Florida	voted	for	Rick	Scott!																															
shown	by	police.	California	Highway	Patrol	was	on	scene	within	3	minutes	with	first	officer	to	enter	shot	numerous	times.	That	Sheriff’s	Sergeant	died	in	the	hospital.	God	bless	all	of	the	victims	and	families	of	the	victims.	Thank	you	to	Law	Enforcement.											
been	fully	briefed	on	the	terrible	shooting	in	California.	Law	Enforcement	and	First	Responders	together	with	the	FBI	are	on	scene.	13	people	at	this	time	have	been	reported	dead.	Likewise	the	shooter	is	dead	along	with	the	first	police	officer	to	enter	the	bar....									
Attorney	General	Jeff	Sessions	for	his	service	and	wish	him	well!	A	permanent	replacement	will	be	nominated	at	a	later	date.																																	
pleased	to	announce	that	Matthew	G.	Whitaker	Chief	of	Staff	to	Attorney	General	Jeff	Sessions	at	the	Department	of	Justice	will	become	our	new	Acting	Attorney	General	of	the	United	States.	He	will	serve	our	Country	well....																	
NBC	News	Voters	Nationwide	Disapprove	of	the	so-called	Mueller	Investigation	-46%	more	than	they	Approve	(41%).	You	mean	they	are	finally	beginning	to	understand	what	a	disgusting	Witch	Hunt	led	by	17	Angry	Democrats	is	all	about!																	
fairness	Nancy	Pelosi	deserves	to	be	chosen	Speaker	of	the	House	by	the	Democrats.	If	they	give	her	a	hard	time	perhaps	we	will	add	some	Republican	votes.	She	has	earned	this	great	honor!																				
Democrats	think	they	are	going	to	waste	Taxpayer	Money	investigating	us	at	the	House	level	then	we	will	likewise	be	forced	to	consider	investigating	them	for	all	of	the	leaks	of	Classified	Information	and	much	else	at	the	Senate	level.	Two	can	play	that	game!									
of	the	pundits	or	talking	heads	that	do	not	give	us	proper	credit	for	this	great	Midterm	Election	just	remember	two	words	-	FAKE	NEWS!																													
be	doing	a	news	conference	at	The	White	House	-	11:30	A.M.	Will	be	discussing	our	success	in	the	Midterms!																																		
worked	with	me	in	this	incredible	Midterm	Election	embracing	certain	policies	and	principles	did	very	well.	Those	that	did	not	say	goodbye!	Yesterday	was	such	a	very	Big	Win	and	all	under	the	pressure	of	a	Nasty	and	Hostile	Media!														
showed	great	courage	in	his	hard	fought	campaign	to	become	the	Governor	of	Florida.	Congratulations	to	Ron	and	family!																																			
many	Congratulations	from	so	many	on	our	Big	Victory	last	night	including	from	foreign	nations	(friends)	that	were	waiting	me	out	and	hoping	on	Trade	Deals.	Now	we	can	all	get	back	to	work	and	get	things	done!																
“How	do	the	Democrats	respond	to	this?	Think	of	how	his	position	with	Republicans	improves-all	the	candidates	who	won	tonight.	They	realize	how	important	he	is	because	of	what	he	did	in	campaigning	for	them.	They	owe	him	their	political	career.”	Thanks	I	agree!										
to	have	him	and	I’m	just	awed	at	how	well	they’ve	done.	It’s	all	the	Trump	magic	-	Trump	is	the	magic	man.	Incredible	he’s	got	the	entire	media	against	him	attacking	him	every	day	and	he	pulls	out	these	enormous	wins.”	Ben	Stein	“The	Capitalist	Code”							
been	5	times	in	the	last	105	years	that	an	incumbent	President	has	won	seats	in	the	Senate	in	the	off	year	election.	Mr.	Trump	has	magic	about	him.	This	guy	has	magic	coming	out	of	his	ears.	He	is	an	astonishing	vote	getter	&amp;	campaigner.	The	Republicans	are.........					
tonight.	Thank	you	to	all!																																																	
Hultgren	(R)	of	Illinois	is	doing	a	great	job.	Get	out	and	Vote	for	Randy	-	Total	Endorsement!																																				
important	-	get	out	and	vote	for	Florida	Congressional	Candidate	Michael	Waltz	(R).	He	has	my	Strong	Endorsement!																																				
the	way	in	Michigan	House	11	She	is	a	wonderful	person	and	at	the	same	time	a	real	fighter.	Has	my	Strong	Endorsement!																															
successful	all	of	his	life	would	be	a	Great	Senator	from	New	Jersey.	He	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!	Get	out	and	Vote	for	Bob.																												
https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh																																																					
King	of	New	York	is	a	hardworking	gem.	Loves	his	Country	and	his	State.	Get	out	and	VOTE	for	Peter!																																		
a	rumor	put	out	by	the	Democrats	that	Josh	Hawley	of	Missouri	left	the	Arena	last	night	early.	It	is	Fake	News.	He	met	me	at	the	plane	when	I	arrived	spoke	at	the	great	Rally	&amp;	stayed	to	the	very	end.	In	fact	I	said	goodbye	to	him	and	left	before	he	did.
evening	in	Cape	Girardeau	Missouri.	Josh	@HawleyMO	will	be	a	tireless	champion	for	YOU.	He	is	great	on	jobs	great	on	tax	cuts	and	tough	on	crime.	He	shares	your	values	and	he	will	always	support	our	Military	Vets	and	Police!	Get	out	tomorrow	and	VOTE	for	Josh!!	https://t.co/YPB8nqX2d6					
for	Claire	McCaskill	is	a	vote	for	Schumer	Pelosi	Waters	and	their	socialist	agenda.	Claire	voted	IN	FAVOR	of	deadly	Sanctuary	Cities	-	she	would	rather	protect	criminal	aliens	than	American	citizens	which	is	why	she	needs	to	be	voted	out	of	office.	Vote	@HawleyMO!	https://t.co/tn2zsEWQJ5								
evening	in	Girardeau	Missouri.	Josh	@HawleyMO	will	be	a	tireless	champion	for	YOU.	He	is	great	on	jobs	great	on	tax	cuts	and	tough	on	crime.	He	shares	your	values	and	he	will	always	support	our	Military	Vets	and	Police!	Get	out	tomorrow	and	VOTE	for	Josh!!	https://t.co/8zgyv5x2A6						
been	loyal	and	faithful	to	your	Country	and	now	you	have	a	President	that	is	loyal	and	faithful	to	you.	Get	out	tomorrow	and	https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ!	https://t.co/Fr6HlmA7y6																												
way	see	you	soon	Cape	Girardeau	Missouri!	#MAGARally	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/XZdgktuTmL																																												
inside	and	outside	the	Allen	County	War	Memorial	Coliseum	in	Fort	Wayne	Indiana!	Thank	you	for	joining	us	tonight	-	and	make	sure	you	get	out	and	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	tomorrow!	https://t.co/8APMivyM0x																								
only	one	way	to	stop	this	Democrat-Led	assault	on	our	sovereignty	–	you	have	to	VOTE	Republican	TOMORROW!	Polling	locations:	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/ggs0zcXaQu																																
Indiana!	A	vote	for	Mike	@Braun4Indiana	is	a	vote	to	keep	your	jobs	going	up	your	wages	going	up	and	your	healthcare	costs	coming	down.	It’s	a	vote	to	keep	your	families	safe	&amp;	to	keep	criminals	traffickers	&amp;	drug	dealers	OUT	of	our	Country!	Get	out	and	for	for	Mike!	https://t.co/3AE7WcHZej		
in	Fort	Wayne	Indiana	for	a	#MAGARally	at	the	Allen	County	War	Memorial	Coliseum.	See	everyone	soon!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh																																				
created	the	best	economy	in	the	HISTORY	of	our	Country	–	and	the	hottest	jobs	market	on	planet	earth.	The	Democrat	Agenda	is	a	Socialist	Nightmare.	The	Republican	Agenda	is	the	AMERICAN	DREAM!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/JfdM1p5xxY																			
Ohio!	When	you	enter	the	voting	booth	tomorrow	you	will	be	making	a	simple	choice.	A	vote	for	Republicans	is	a	vote	to	continue	our	extraordinary	prosperity.	A	vote	for	Dems	is	a	vote	to	bring	this	Economic	Boom	crashing	to	a	sudden	screeching	halt.	Vote	@MikeDeWine!	https://t.co/iai8bSEgBh						
America!	Get	out	tomorrow	and	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	so	together	we	can	KEEP	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!!	https://t.co/zajBieMWpl																																						
is	kind	of	an	empty	figure	in	Washington.	You	never	hear	his	name	he’s	never	in	debates	on	key	issues	-	he	is	just	under	the	radar.”	Chris	Wallace	on	@FoxNews		In	other	words	Nelson	is	a	“stiff.”															
has	been	strongly	notified	to	watch	closely	for	any	ILLEGAL	VOTING	which	may	take	place	in	Tuesday’s	Election	(or	Early	Voting).	Anyone	caught	will	be	subject	to	the	Maximum	Criminal	Penalties	allowed	by	law.	Thank	you!																		
I	have	been	President	of	the	United	States	for	almost	two	years.	During	that	time	Senator	Bill	Nelson	didn’t	call	me	once.	Rick	Scott	called	constantly	requesting	dollars	plus	for	Florida.	Did	a	GREAT	job	on	hurricanes.	VOTE	SCOTT!															
to	see	the	CNN	Fake	Suppression	Polls	and	FALSE	rhetoric.	Watch	for	real	results	Tuesday.	We	are	lucky	CNN’s	ratings	are	so	low.	Don’t	fall	for	the	Suppression	Game.	Go	out	&amp;	VOTE.	Remember	we	now	have	perhaps	the	greatest	Economy	(JOBS)	in	the	history	of	our	Country!						
@claudiatenney	of	#NY22	to	be	re-elected	in	order	to	get	our	big	plans	moving.	Her	opponent	would	be	a	disaster.	Nobody	works	harder	than	Claudia	and	she	is	a	producer.	I	look	forward	to	working	together	with	her	-	she	has	my	Strongest	Endorsement!	Vote	Claudia!								
what	she	says	Senator	Claire	McCaskill	will	always	vote	against	us	and	the	Great	State	of	Missouri!	Vote	for	Josh	Hawley	-	he	will	be	a	great	Senator!																										
did	the	same	job	with	Florida	that	he	has	done	in	Tallahassee	as	Mayor	the	State	will	be	a	crime	ridden	overtaxed	mess.	@RonDeSantisFL	will	be	a	great	Governor.	VOTE!!!!!!																								
against	Tax	Cuts	great	Healthcare	Supreme	Court	Justices	and	all	of	the	many	things	the	people	of	Michigan	wanted	and	need.	She	is	an	automatic	far	left	vote	controlled	by	her	bosses.	John	James	can	be	a	truly	great	Senator!														
has	been	a	great	Congressman	for	his	District	and	for	the	people	of	Cal.	He	works	hard	and	is	respected	by	all	-	he	produces!	Dems	are	desperate	to	replace	Dana	by	spending	vast	sums	to	elect	a	super	liberal	who	is	weak	on	Crime	and	bad	for	our	Military	&amp;	Vets!		
running	as	a	Republican	for	the	Senate	from	Michigan	is	a	spectacular	young	star	of	the	future.	We	should	make	him	a	star	of	the	present.	A	distinguished	West	Point	Grad	and	Vet	people	should	Vote	Out	Schumer	Puppet	Debbie	Stabenow	who	does	nothing	for	Michigan!								
2	days	the	people	of	Tennessee	are	going	to	elect	@VoteMarsha	Blackburn	to	the	United	States	Senate	to	protect	your	jobs	defend	your	borders	and	CONTINUE	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	Get	out	on	Tuesday	and	VOTE	for	Marsha!	https://t.co/BJhmItntMo															
for	joining	us	tonight	in	Tennessee	@TheLeeGreenwood.	GOD	BLESS	THE	U.S.A.!	https://t.co/hfxi4Ct6Pv																																										
be	back	in	Tennessee.	On	our	way	to	the	McKenzie	Arena	in	Chattanooga	for	a	huge	#MAGARally	-	see	everyone	soon!	https://t.co/RwZt5yGuE5																																
Macon	Georgia!	Get	out	on	Tuesday	November	6th	and	VOTE	for	@BrianKempGA	as	your	next	Governor	to	protect	your	jobs	defend	your	borders	fight	for	your	values	and	continue	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/Hzbqw35oNM																				
way	to	Macon	Georgia	where	the	crowds	are	massive	for	a	4pmE	#MAGARally.	Will	be	in	Chattanooga	Tennessee	tonight	seen	below	for	a	7pmE	rally.	Something’s	happening!	Everyone	needs	to	get	out	and	VOTE!	https://t.co/xBXepwpug9																			
Departing	the	White	House	shortly.	See	you	soon	Georgia!	#MAGA	https://t.co/Lk0SoU8pie	https://t.co/Sn9D9o4fNZ																																										
Poll	shows	a	“40%	Approval	Rating	by	African	Americans	for	President	Trump	a	record	for	Republicans.”	Thank	you	a	great	honor!																																	
in	Florida	tonight.	Get	out	and	VOTE!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/zpLkAko8If																																													
want	to	protect	criminal	aliens	–	VOTE	DEMOCRAT.	If	you	want	to	protect	Law-Abiding	Americans	–	VOTE	REPUBLICAN!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/2YoXSWT0Px																																		
a	great	guy	and	a	team	player.	He	will	represent	his	District	State	and	Country	at	the	highest	level.	Danny	is	strong	on	Military	our	Vets	Second	Amendment	and	all	of	the	things	that	we	so	strongly	stand	for.	Vote	for	Danny	-	he	has	my	Strong	Endorsement!						
#MAGARally	tonight	in	the	Great	State	of	Florida.	In	just	3	days	the	People	of	Florida	are	going	to	elect	@ScottforFlorida	and	@RonDeSantisFL	to	protect	your	jobs	defend	your	BORDERS	and	CONTINUE	MAKING	AMERICA		GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh🇺🇸	https://t.co/sS78uyafOG															
Pensacola	Florida	-	will	be	there	soon.	Amazing	lines	of	people	wanting	to	get	in	-	what	a	crowd!	Is	this	a	sign	of	Republican	Strength	on	Tuesday?	https://t.co/te7RHdAeKA																									
of	Arizona	is	doing	a	great	job.	Doug	is	strong	on	Crime	the	Border	and	our	Second	Amendment.	Loves	our	Military	&amp;	our	Vets.	Vote	for	Doug	he	has	my	full	and	Complete	Endorsement!																				
and	all	of	the	hurricane	money	were	a	passion	for	Rick	Scott	who	called	endlessly	on	behalf	of	the	People	of	Florida.	Vote	@ScottforFlorida!																														
the	time	I’ve	been	President	almost	two	years	never	once	did	Senator	Bill	Nelson	call	me	to	ask	for	help	for	the	Great	State	of	Florida.	I	never	see	him	until	election	time....																					
it	that	Senator	Joe	Donnelly	of	Indiana	is	paying	for	Facebook	ads	for	his	so-called	opponent	on	the	libertarian	ticket.	Donnelly	is	trying	to	steal	the	election?	Isn’t	that	what	Russia	did!?																						
such	a	Great	State	but	it	needs	Border	Security	which	@MarthaMcSally	will	provide	and	Krysten	Sinema	doesn’t	even	think	about.	If	it	were	up	to	Sinema	-	drugs	crime	and	illegal	traffic	will	be	flowing	into	Arizona	at	an	ever	increasing	pace.	Vote	for	Martha!									
Schumer	and	Nancy	Pelosi	gain	the	majority	they	will	try	to	raise	your	taxes	restore	job-killing	regulations	shut	down	your	coal	mines	and	timber	mills	take	away	your	healthcare	impose	socialism	and	ERASE	your	borders.	VOTE	for	@MattForMontana	and	@GregForMontana!	https://t.co/aDnCQKY7QD													
Montana	now	-	at	least	everybody	admits	that	my	lines	and	crowds	are	far	bigger	than	Barack	Obama’s...	https://t.co/PCibGjS209																																			
get	out	and	VOTE	for	@JohnFasoNy	a	great	and	hardworking	Congressman.	We	need	John’s	voice	in	D.C.	His	opponent	just	moved	to	the	area	-	is	Pro-Iran	and	Anti-Israel.	Vote	for	John.	Has	my	Strong	Endorsement!																		
and	VOTE	for	@DeanHeller!	https://t.co/4HEkpQL3oy																																																	
accuser	of	Justice	Kavanaugh	has	just	admitted	that	she	was	lying	her	story	was	totally	made	up	or	FAKE!	Can	you	imagine	if	he	didn’t	become	a	Justice	of	the	Supreme	Court	because	of	her	disgusting	FALSE	Statements.	What	about	the	others?	Where	are	the	Dems	on	this?						
to	@PeteHegseth	and	@KatiePavlich	for	your	nice	and	very	wise	statements	on	the	Economy.	You	both	really	get	it!	@foxandfriends																																		
accuser	of	Justice	Kavanough	has	just	admitted	that	she	was	lying	her	story	was	totally	made	up	or	FAKE!	Can	you	imagine	if	he	didn’t	become	a	Justice	of	the	Supreme	Court	because	of	her	disgusting	FALSE	Statements.	What	about	the	others?	Where	are	the	Dems	on	this?						
Montana	and	Florida	today!	Everyone	is	excited	about	the	Jobs	Numbers	-	250000	new	jobs	in	October.	Also	wages	rising.	Wow!																																	
and	Coach	Bobby	Knight	were	incredible	last	night.	Packed	House	in	Honor	of	Mike	Braun	for	Senate.	Mike	will	be	a	GREAT	Senator.	Don’t	forget	to	VOTE!																											
Waters	was	called	the	most	Corrupt	Member	of	Congress!	@FoxNews	If	Dems	win	she	would	be	put	in	charge	of	our	Country’s	finances.	The	beginning	of	the	end!																										
of	Pennsylvania	is	fantastic.	He	is	strong	on	the	Border	Crime	the	Military	our	Vets	and	the	Second	Amendment.	Scott	has	my	Total	Endorsement!																														
in	Indiana	thank	you.	Everyone	get	out	and	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh!	https://t.co/5jVFO6SIsz																																												
our	Country	should	be	a	Sanctuary	for	law-abiding	Americans	–	not	criminal	aliens.	And	Republicans	will	ALWAYS	stand	with	the	HEROES	of	@ICEgov	@CBP	and	Law	Enforcement!	https://t.co/jmnmO26Yb3																										
4	days	the	people	of	Indiana	are	going	to	send	Mike	@braun4indiana	to	the	United	States	Senate	so	we	can	keep	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	Get	out	and	VOTE!!	https://t.co/dO3Nr8nuJi																								
the	people	of	West	Virginia	to	send	a	message	to	Chuck	Schumer	Maxine	Waters	Nancy	Pelosi	and	the	Radical	Democrats	by	voting	for	Carol	Miller	and	Patrick	Morrisey!																										
-	will	see	everyone	in	Southport	Indiana	shortly!	#MAGARally🇺🇸	https://t.co/zmapQS70CG																																												
WEST	VIRGINIA!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/KmrMAt4Cea																																																		
JOBS!	#MAGA	https://t.co/ZqPjsPUX0t																																																			
West	Virginia	thank	you.	Everyone	get	out	and	VOTE	for	Patrick	@MorriseyWV	and	@CarolMillerWV!	https://t.co/N8CQeLmSad																																							
																																																					
going	to	West	Virginia	and	Indiana	today	TWO	RALLIES!	Don’t	tell	anyone	(big	secret)	but	I	will	be	bringing	Coach	Bobby	Knight	to	Indiana.	He’s	been	a	supporter	right	from	the	beginning	of	the	Greatest	Political	Movement	in	American	History!														
U.S.	added	250000	Jobs	in	October	-	and	this	was	despite	the	hurricanes.	Unemployment	at	3.7%.	Wages	UP!	These	are	incredible	numbers.	Keep	it	going	Vote	Republican!																											
you	Missouri!	Under	Republican	leadership	America	is	BOOMING	America	is	THRIVING	and	America	is	WINNING	-	because	we	are	finally	putting	AMERICA	FIRST.	Get	out	and	VOTE	Josh	@HawleyMO	for	the	United	States	Senate!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/opp35qPPy3																		
at	a	#MAGARally	with	great	American	Patriots.	Loyal	citizens	like	you	helped	build	this	Country	and	together	we	are	taking	back	this	Country	–	returning	power	to	YOU	the	AMERICAN	PEOPLE.	Get	out	and	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh!	https://t.co/9nCTLdFVW4	https://t.co/wBOUVedVtT																	
are	Making	America	Safe	and	Great	Again!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/rWl5aSpY3O																																													
way	to	Columbia	Missouri	for	a	#MAGARally.	Look	forward	to	seeing	everyone	soon!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/oD6v3E13bk																																							
affects	the	lives	of	all	Americans.	Illegal	Immigration	hurts	American	workers	burdens	American	taxpayers	undermines	public	safety	and	places	enormous	strain	on	local	schools	hospitals	and	communities...https://t.co/eN1IqPNBJY																											
Jared	Polis	is	weak	on	crime	and	weak	on	borders	–	could	never	do	the	job.	Get	out	and	VOTE	–	Walker	has	my	Complete	and	Total	Endorsement!																										
be	an	extraordinary	Governor	for	the	State	of	Colorado.	He	is	strong	smart	and	has	been	successful	at	everything	he	has	ever	done....																															
to	Rick	Breckenridge	and	congratulations	to	Matt	Rosendale	(@MattForMontana).	This	is	very	big	-	see	you	in	Montana	on	Saturday!	Tickets:	https://t.co/zX9sj0qUzN	https://t.co/UWuHHs6Y0u																															
a	long	and	very	good	conversation	with	President	Xi	Jinping	of	China.	We	talked	about	many	subjects	with	a	heavy	emphasis	on	Trade.	Those	discussions	are	moving	along	nicely	with	meetings	being	scheduled	at	the	G-20	in	Argentina.	Also	had	good	discussion	on	North	Korea!									
they	treat	me	fairly!“@FoxNews	tops	@CNN	and	@MSNBC	combined	in	October	cable	news	ratings”	https://t.co/QX56Pwlmj4																																							
in	Florida	with	great	PATRIOTS	at	a	beautiful	#MAGARally.	Get	out	and	https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	so	we	can	continue	MAKING	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/c3fqrEdzFU	https://t.co/VrmaMHPhl3																													
FLORIDA!	Get	out	and	VOTE	Republican!	#MAGA🇺🇸https://t.co/v3hpKOPBik																																															
outrageous	what	the	Democrats	are	doing	to	our	Country.	Vote	Republican	now!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/2crea9HF7G																																								
REPUBLICAN	NOW!!	https://t.co/wso9ZHIvyF																																																			
Pittsburgh	I	was	really	impressed	with	Congressman	Keith	Rothfus	(far	more	so	than	any	other	local	political	figure).	His	sincere	level	of	compassion	grief	and	sorrow	for	the	events	that	took	place	was	in	its	own	way	very	inspiring.	Vote	for	Keith!												
when	he	was	sane	agreed	with	us	on	Birthright	Citizenship!	https://t.co/ypiE1QWKag																																											
should	be	focusing	on	holding	the	Majority	rather	than	giving	his	opinions	on	Birthright	Citizenship	something	he	knows	nothing	about!	Our	new	Republican	Majority	will	work	on	this	Closing	the	Immigration	Loopholes	and	Securing	our	Border!																		
protect	people	with	pre-existing	conditions	far	better	than	the	Dems!																																												
has	made	good	on	his	promises	and	it	drives	Democrats	Crazy!”	Brad	Blakeman	@FoxNews																																								
is	using	our	laws	to	our	detriment.	They	laugh	at	the	Stupidity	they	see!																																								
was	right	in	1993	before	he	and	the	Democrats	went	insane	and	started	with	the	Open	Borders	(which	brings	massive	Crime)	“stuff.”	Don’t	forget	the	nasty	term	Anchor	Babies.	I	will	keep	our	Country	safe.	This	case	will	be	settled	by	the	United	States	Supreme	Court!								
Citizenship	which	costs	our	Country	billions	of	dollars	and	is	very	unfair	to	our	citizens	will	be	ended	one	way	or	the	other.	It	is	not	covered	by	the	14th	Amendment	because	of	the	words	“subject	to	the	jurisdiction	thereof.”	Many	legal	scholars	agree.....										
I	were	treated	very	nicely	yesterday	in	Pittsburgh.	The	Office	of	the	President	was	shown	great	respect	on	a	very	sad	&amp;	solemn	day.	We	were	treated	so	warmly.	Small	protest	was	not	seen	by	us	staged	far	away.	The	Fake	News	stories	were	just	the	opposite-Disgraceful!	https://t.co/9B9HgCF1G9						
up	more	than	400	points	yesterday.	Today	looks	to	be	another	good	one.	Companies	earnings	are	great!																																					
I	were	treated	very	nicely	yesterday	in	Pittsburgh.	The	Office	of	the	President	was	shown	great	respect	on	a	very	sad	and	solemn	day.	We	were	treaty	so	warmly.	Small	protest	was	not	seen	by	us	staged	far	away.	The	Fake	News	stories	were	just	the	opposite-Disgraceful!							
is	being	mobilized	at	the	Southern	Border.	Many	more	troops	coming.	We	will	NOT	let	these	Caravans	which	are	also	made	up	of	some	very	bad	thugs	and	gang	members	into	the	U.S.	Our	Border	is	sacred	must	come	in	legally.	TURN	AROUND!											
are	made	up	of	some	very	tough	fighters	and	people.	Fought	back	hard	and	viciously	against	Mexico	at	Northern	Border	before	breaking	through.	Mexican	soldiers	hurt	were	unable	or	unwilling	to	stop	Caravan.	Should	stop	them	before	they	reach	our	Border	but	won’t!											
has	fought	hard	for	the	People	of	Kansas.	Highly	respected	strong	on	Crime	the	Border	Military	Vets	and	Second	Amendment.	Kevin	has	my	Total	Endorsement!																													
be	a	great	Governor	for	the	People	of	Ohio.	He	is	an	outstanding	man	who	loves	his	State	–	and	always	produces	big....																															
will	let	you	down	just	like	he	did	when	he	destroyed	the	government	agency	that	he	ran.	Clone	of	Pocahontas	that’s	not	for	Ohio.	Mike	has	my	Total	Endorsement!																									
Consumer	Confidence	hits	highest	level	since	2000																																															
Fed	backs	off	and	starts	talking	a	little	more	Dovish	I	think	we’re	going	to	be	right	back	to	our	2800	to	2900	target	range	that	we’ve	had	for	the	S&amp;P	500.”	Scott	Wren	Wells	Fargo.																		
Market	is	up	massively	since	the	Election	but	is	now	taking	a	little	pause	-	people	want	to	see	what	happens	with	the	Midterms.	If	you	want	your	Stocks	to	go	down	I	strongly	suggest	voting	Democrat.	They	like	the	Venezuela	financial	model	High	Taxes	&amp;	Open	Borders!						
Brady	of	Texas	is	so	popular	in	his	District	and	far	beyond	that	he	doesn’t	need	any	help	-	but	I	am	giving	it	to	him	anyway.	He	is	a	great	guy	and	the	absolute	“King”	of	Cutting	Taxes.	Highly	respected	by	all	he	loves	his	State	&amp;	Country.	Strong	Endorsement!			
Barr	of	Kentucky	who	just	had	a	great	debate	with	his	Nancy	Pelosi	run	opponent	has	been	a	winner	for	his	State.	Strong	on	Crime	the	Border	Tax	Cuts	Military	Vets	and	2nd	Amendment	we	need	Andy	in	D.C.	He	has	my	Strong	Endorsement!										
@JimHagedornMN	and	@PeteStauber	love	our	Country	and	the	Great	State	of	Minnesota.	They	are	winners	and	always	get	the	job	done.	We	need	them	all	in	Congress	for	#MAGA.	Border	Military	Vets	2nd	A.	Go	Vote	Minnesota.	They	have	my	Strong	Endorsement!												
is	a	fighter	who	is	doing	a	great	job	for	Virginia	and	for	our	Country.	Border	Military	Vets	2nd	Amendment	and	all	else.	We	need	Dave	in	D.C.	He	has	my	Strong	Endorsement!																					
@JimHagedornMN	and	@PeteStauber	love	our	Country	and	the	Great	State	of	Minnesota.	They	are	winners	and	always	get	the	job	done	We	need	them	all	in	Congress	for	#MAGA.	Border	Military	Vets	2nd	A.	Go	Vote	Minnesota.	They	have	my	Strong	Endorsement!												
of	Washington	State	is	an	incredible	leader	who	is	respected	by	everyone	in	Congress.	We	need	her	badly	in	D.C.	to	keep	building	on	#MAGA.	She	has	my	Strong	Endorsement!																								
of	Iowa	got	a	desperately	needed	Flood	Wall	for	Cedar	Rapids	that	was	almost	impossible	to	get.	He	makes	a	BIG	difference	for	Iowa!	Border	Military	Vets	etc.	We	need	Rod	in	D.C.	He	has	my	Strong	Endorsement!																
the	5th	District	in	Virginia	is	a	popular	guy	who	really	knows	how	to	get	the	job	done!	Really	big	help	with	Tax	Cuts	the	Military	and	our	great	Vets.	He	has	my	Total	Endorsement!																			
@JimHagedornMN	and	@PeteStauber	love	our	Country	and	the	Great	State	of	Minnesota.	They	are	winners	and	always	get	the	job	done	We	need	them	all	in	Congress	for	#MAGA.	Border	Military	Vets	2nd	A.	Go	Vote	Minnesota.	They	have	my	Strong	Endorsement!												
of	the	5th	District	in	Virginia	is	a	popular	guy	who	really	knows	how	to	get	the	job	done!	Really	big	help	with	Tax	Cuts	the	Military	and	our	great	Vets.	He	has	my	Total	Endorsement!																		
doing	a	great	job	as	Congressman	from	Ohio.	We	need	him	in	D.C.	Vote	for	Troy	-	He	has	my	total	Endorsement!																																
doing	a	great	job	as	Congressman	from	Ohio.	We	need	him	in	D.C.	Vote	for	Troy	-	He	has	my	total	Endorsement!																																
https://t.co/wR0Z4694ei																																																					
be	interviewed	by	Laura	Ingraham		tonight	at	10:00	P.M.	on	@FoxNews																																										
tweets	from	last	two	days.	I	refer	to	Fake	News	Media	when	mentioning	Enemy	of	the	People	-	but	dishonest	reporters	use	only	the	word	“Media.”	The	people	of	our	Great	Country	are	angry	and	disillusioned	at	receiving	so	much	Fake	News.	They	get	it	and	fully	understand!						
others	in	the	Fake	News	Business	keep	purposely	and	inaccurately	reporting	that	I	said	the	“Media	is	the	Enemy	of	the	People.”	Wrong!	I	said	that	the	“Fake	News	(Media)	is	the	Enemy	of	the	People”	a	very	big	difference.	When	you	give	out	FALSE	information	-	not	good!					
being	done	by	Congressman	Keith	Rothfus	of	Pennsylvania.	Thank	you	Keith!																																											
there	is	a	choice	between	a	Harvard/Yale	educated	man	named	@RonDeSantisFL	who	has	been	a	great	Congressman	and	will	be	a	great	Governor	-	and	a	Dem	who	is	a	thief	and	who	is	Mayor	of	poorly	run	Tallahassee	said	to	be	one	of	the	most	corrupt	cities	in	the	Country!			
Members	and	some	very	bad	people	are	mixed	into	the	Caravan	heading	to	our	Southern	Border.	Please	go	back	you	will	not	be	admitted	into	the	United	States	unless	you	go	through	the	legal	process.	This	is	an	invasion	of	our	Country	and	our	Military	is	waiting	for	you!					
very	good	conversation	with	the	newly	elected	President	of	Brazil	Jair	Bolsonaro	who	won	his	race	by	a	substantial	margin.	We	agreed	that	Brazil	and	the	United	States	will	work	closely	together	on	Trade	Military	and	everything	else!	Excellent	call	wished	him	congrats!											
and	Outrage	and	we	will	then	be	able	to	bring	all	sides	together	in	Peace	and	Harmony.	Fake	News	Must	End!																																	
great	anger	in	our	Country	caused	in	part	by	inaccurate	and	even	fraudulent	reporting	of	the	news.	The	Fake	News	Media	the	TRUE	Enemy	of	the	People	must	stop	the	open	&amp;	obvious	hostility	&amp;	report	the	news	accurately	&amp;	fairly.	That	will	do	much	to	put	out	the	flame...				
News	is	doing	everything	in	their	power	to	blame	Republicans	Conservatives	and	me	for	the	division	and	hatred	that	has	been	going	on	for	so	long	in	our	Country.	Actually	it	is	their	Fake	&amp;	Dishonest	reporting	which	is	causing	problems	far	greater	than	they	understand!								
Wacky	Tom	Steyer	who	I	have	not	seen	in	action	before	be	interviewed	by	@jaketapper.	He	comes	off	as	a	crazed	&amp;	stumbling	lunatic	who	should	be	running	out	of	money	pretty	soon.	As	bad	as	their	field	is	if	he	is	running	for	President	the	Dems	will	eat	him	alive!			
to	Steve	Rogers	FBI	Joint	Terror	Task	Force	(Ret)	for	his	very	kind	and	generous	remarks	about	me	and	my	relationship	to	Law	Enforcement.	@JudgeJeanine																													
https://t.co/ZmSA4v5fKi																																																					
Dodgers/Red	Sox	final	innings.	It	is	amazing	how	a	manager	takes	out	a	pitcher	who	is	loose	&amp;	dominating	through	almost	7	innings	Rich	Hill	of	Dodgers	and	brings	in	nervous	reliever(s)	who	get	shellacked.	4	run	lead	gone.	Managers	do	it	all	the	time	big	mistake!							
America	is	in	mourning	over	the	mass	murder	of	Jewish	Americans	at	the	Tree	of	Life	Synagogue	in	Pittsburgh.	We	pray	for	those	who	perished	and	their	loved	ones	and	our	hearts	go	out	to	the	brave	police	officers	who	sustained	serious	injuries...											
Anti-Semitic	attack	is	an	assault	on	humanity.	It	will	take	all	of	us	working	together	to	extract	the	poison	of	Anti-Semitism	from	our	world.	We	must	unite	to	conquer	hate.																								
know	earlier	today	there	was	a	horrific	shooting	targeting	and	killing	Jewish	Americans	at	the	Tree	of	Life	Synagogue	in	Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania.	The	shooter	is	in	custody	and	federal	authorities	have	been	dispatched	to	support	state	and	local	police...	https://t.co/WqO7GfPyMT														
Pittsburgh	are	far	more	devastating	than	originally	thought.	Spoke	with	Mayor	and	Governor	to	inform	them	that	the	Federal	Government	has	been	and	will	be	with	them	all	the	way.	I	will	speak	to	the	media	shortly	and	make	further	statement	at	Future	Farmers	of	America.								
events	unfolding	in	Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania.	Law	enforcement	on	the	scene.	People	in	Squirrel	Hill	area	should	remain	sheltered.	Looks	like	multiple	fatalities.	Beware	of	active	shooter.	God	Bless	All!																									
Walkaway	from	the	Democrat	Party	movement	marches	today	in	D.C.	Congratulations	to	Brandon	Straka	for	starting	something	very	special.	@foxandfriends																																		
Mark	two	great	patriots	for	Congress!	https://t.co/xx0cqUf7wj																																															
is	a	great	warrior	her	opponent	a	Nancy	Pelosi	Wacko!	https://t.co/QEUdPWDDud																																											
Charlie!	https://t.co/U2Nt1h7A3X																																																				
Mary!	https://t.co/qEBpqS0vli																																																				
change	is	coming	-	don’t	want	the	Dems	anymore!	https://t.co/O6wp2gjPUY																																												
at	Media	for	Smearing	His	Supporters	after	Bomb	Scares	https://t.co/Ggdhs9reY3	via	@BreitbartNews																																										
in	Charlotte	North	Carolina	with	great	PATRIOTS.	Get	out	and	VOTE	for	@buddforcongress	and	@MarkHarrisNC9!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	#MAGARally	replay:	https://t.co/bKVTylqDvE	https://t.co/O1QiZSw4cU																																		
meet	every	day	with	optimism	–	if	you	confront	every	obstacle	with	determination	–	if	you	refuse	to	give	up	if	you	never	quit	if	you	face	every	challenge	with	confidence	and	pride	–	then	there	is	no	goal	you	cannot	achieve	and	no	dream	beyond	your	reach!	#YBLS2018	https://t.co/Uqmw5fLmxW				
my	great	honor	thank	you!	https://t.co/U2Nt1hpaVv																																																
are	African-American	Hispanic-American	or	ANY	AMERICAN	at	all	–	you	have	the	right	to	live	in	a	Country	that	puts	YOUR	NEEDS	FIRST!	https://t.co/hwDICbpOT7																														
my	great	honor	to	be	with	so	many	brilliant	courageous	patriotic	and	PROUD	AMERICANS.	Seeing	all	of	you	here	today	fills	me	with	extraordinary	confidence	in	America’s	future.	Each	of	you	is	taking	part	in	the	Young	Black	Leadership	Summit	because	you	are	TRUE	leaders...	https://t.co/lIlZBxKjuG								
to	applaud	the	FBI	Secret	Service	Department	of	Justice	the	U.S.	Attorneys’	Office	for	the	Southern	District	of	New	York	the	NYPD	and	all	Law	Enforcement	partners	across	the	Country	for	their	incredible	work	skill	and	determination!																	
like	to	begin	today’s	remarks	by	providing	an	update	on	the	packages	and	devices	that	have	been	mailed	to	high-profile	figures	throughout	our	Country	and	a	media	org.	I	am	pleased	to	inform	you	that	law	enforcement	has	apprehended	the	suspect	and	taken	him	into	custody.	https://t.co/UFjwjjUkLd							
be	speaking	at	the	Young	Black	Leadership	Summit	in	15	minutes	where	I	will	address	the	investigation	into	the	bomb	packages.																																	
doing	so	well	in	early	voting	and	at	the	polls	and	now	this	“Bomb”	stuff	happens	and	the	momentum	greatly	slows	-	news	not	talking	politics.	Very	unfortunate	what	is	going	on.	Republicans	go	out	and	vote!																	
removed	many	people	from	my	account	and	more	importantly	they	have	seemingly	done	something	that	makes	it	much	harder	to	join	-	they	have	stifled	growth	to	a	point	where	it	is	obvious	to	all.	A	few	weeks	ago	it	was	a	Rocket	Ship	now	it	is	a	Blimp!	Total	Bias?			
States	has	been	spending	Billions	of	Dollars	a	year	on	Illegal	Immigration.	This	will	not	continue.	Democrats	must	give	us	the	votes	to	pass	strong	(but	fair)	laws.	If	not	we	will	be	forced	to	play	a	much	tougher	hand.														
lowly	rated	CNN	and	others	can	criticize	me	at	will	even	blaming	me	for	the	current	spate	of	Bombs	and	ridiculously	comparing	this	to	September	11th	and	the	Oklahoma	City	bombing	yet	when	I	criticize	them	they	go	wild	and	scream	“it’s	just	not	Presidential!”									
Members	who	died	that	day	included	brave	young	Marines	just	out	of	high	school	accomplished	officers	in	the	middle	of	their	military	careers	and	enlisted	men	who	had	served	in	theaters	all	over	the	world...	https://t.co/82Wkru7JAb																		
roughly	1800	Marines	were	in	Beirut	to	keep	the	peace	in	a	Nation	torn	apart	by	Civil	War.	Terrorists	had	bombed	the	U.S.	Embassy	earlier	that	year	killing	63	people	including	17	Americans...	https://t.co/Mp73AYv7J0																				
gathered	together	on	this	solemn	occasion	to	fulfill	our	most	reverent	and	sacred	duty.	35	years	ago	241	American	service	members	were	murdered	in	the	terrorist	attack	on	our	Marine	Barracks	in	Beirut	Lebanon.	Today	we	honor	our	fallen	heroes...	https://t.co/zPgjSFj9BM													
Maine	is	a	great	Congressman.	He	is	in	a	tough	fight	against	a	very	liberal	Nancy	Pelosi	Democrat.	Bruce	has	helped	bring	JOBS	back	to	his	State	and	totally	protects	your	Great	Second	Amendment.	We	need	to	keep	Bruce	in	Washington.	He	has	my	Full	Endorsement!								
make	a	fantastic	Governor	of	Alaska.	Mike	is	for	Energy	and	Jobs	is	tough	on	Crime	loves	our	Vets	and	our	Great	Second	Amendment.	Mike	has	my	Complete	and	Total	Endorsement!																							
doing	a	great	job	for	the	people	of	Pennsylvania.	He	is	strong	on	the	Border	Crime	the	Military	our	Vets	and	the	2nd	Amendment.	Lloyd	has	my	Total	Endorsement!																									
Ohio	is	doing	a	great	job	as	your	Congressman	already	very	respected	in	Washington.	Get	out	and	VOTE	for	Troy	-	we	need	him	–	great	guy	–	has	my	Total	Endorsement!																						
Pennsylvania	is	fantastic.	He	is	strong	on	the	Border	Crime	the	Military	our	Vets	and	the	2nd	Amendment.	He	is	a	powerful	vote	for	#MAGA	and	loves	the	Great	State	of	Pennsylvania.	Please	get	out	and	vote	for	John	he	has	my	Total	and	very	Strong	Endorsement!							
with	their	stance	100%	and	the	United	States	is	likewise	taking	a	very	hard	line	on	illegal	immigration.	The	Prime	Minister	is	working	very	hard	on	the	economy	of	Italy	-	he	will	be	successful!																			
with	Prime	Minister	@GiuseppeConteIT	of	Italy	concerning	many	subjects	including	the	fact	that	Italy	is	now	taking	a	very	hard	line	on	illegal	immigration...																														
French	President	@EmmanuelMacron	this	morning.	Discussed	many	topics	including	the	very	exciting	upcoming	visit	to	Paris	where	@FLOTUS	Melania	and	I	will	attend	the	Armistice	Day	Centennial	Commemoration!																										
in	the	Caravan	turnaround	we	are	not	letting	people	into	the	United	States	illegally.	Go	back	to	your	Country	and	if	you	want	apply	for	citizenship	like	millions	of	others	are	doing!																						
President	Trump	on	a	Year	of	Historic	Progress	and	Action	to	Combat	the	Opioid	Crisis”	https://t.co/YBTzMSOozW	https://t.co/njGYwHff4t																																					
York	Times	has	a	new	Fake	Story	that	now	the	Russians	and	Chinese	(glad	they	finally	added	China)	are	listening	to	all	of	my	calls	on	cellphones.	Except	that	I	rarely	use	a	cellphone	&amp;	when	I	do	it’s	government	authorized.	I	like	Hard	Lines.	Just	more	made	up	Fake	News!			
big	part	of	the	Anger	we	see	today	in	our	society	is	caused	by	the	purposely	FALSE	and	inaccurate	reporting	of	the	Mainstream	Media	that	I	refer	to	as	Fake	News.	It	has	gotten	so	bad	and	hateful	that	it	is	beyond	description.	Mainstream	Media	must	clean	up	its	act	FAST!			
of	the	National	Border	Patrol	Council	is	right	when	he	says	on	@foxandfriends	that	the	Democrat	inspired	laws	make	it	tough	for	us	to	stop	people	at	the	Border.	MUST	BE	CHANDED	but	I	am	bringing	out	the	military	for	this	National	Emergency.	They	will	be	stopped!							
experts	on	Trump	over	at	the	New	York	Times	wrote	a	long	and	boring	article	on	my	cellphone	usage	that	is	so	incorrect	I	do	not	have	time	here	to	correct	it.	I	only	use	Government	Phones	and	have	only	one	seldom	used	government	cell	phone.	Story	is	soooo	wrong!				
Wisconsin.	@ScottWalker	and	@LeahVukmir	are	fantastic	people	badly	needed	for	our	Country!	#MAGA	https://t.co/6dLOBO6UQy																																								
in	Wisconsin	to	help	two	great	people	@ScottWalker	and	@LeahVukmir!	https://t.co/Pu1Yyl5K0G																																											
of	the	American	People	is	my	highest	priority.	I	have	just	concluded	a	briefing	with	the	FBI	Department	of	Justice	Department	of	Homeland	Security	and	the	U.S.	Secret	Service...	https://t.co/nEUBcq4NOh																								
wholeheartedly!	https://t.co/ndzu0A30vU																																																				
totally	protect	people	with	Pre-Existing	Conditions	Democrats	will	not!	Vote	Republican.																																											
will	be	a	GREAT	Governor	of	Georgia.	Stacey	Abrams	will	destroy	the	State.	Sooooo	important	get	out	and	VOTE	for	Brian!																																	
a	great	Sovereign	Nation.	We	have	Strong	Borders	and	will	never	accept	people	coming	into	our	Country	illegally!																																				
who	want	and	advocate	for	illegal	immigration	just	take	a	good	look	at	what	has	happened	to	Europe	over	the	last	5	years.	A	total	mess!	They	only	wish	they	had	that	decision	to	make	over	again.																	
with	President	Obama	100%!	https://t.co/PI3aW1Zh5Q																																																	
dollars	are	and	will	be	coming	into	United	States	coffers	because	of	Tariffs.	Great	also	for	negotiations	-	if	a	country	won’t	give	us	a	fair	Trade	Deal	we	will	institute	Tariffs	on	them.	Used	or	not	jobs	and	businesses	will	be	created.	U.S.	respected	again!								
https://t.co/DsJ82fArcq																																																					
																																																					
Faso	of	New	York	has	worked	hard	and	smart.	Strong	on	Crime	Borders	and	our	2nd	Amendment	John	is	respected	by	all.	Vote	for	John.	He	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!																						
of	Puerto	Rico	are	wonderful	but	the	inept	politicians	are	trying	to	use	the	massive	and	ridiculously	high	amounts	of	hurricane/disaster	funding	to	pay	off	other	obligations.	The	U.S.	will	NOT		bail	out	long	outstanding	&amp;	unpaid	obligations	with	hurricane	relief	money!											
of	New	Jersey	running	for	Congress	is	doing	a	great	job	against	a	person	who	is	looking	to	raise	Taxes	substantially.	Jay	wants	big	Tax	Cuts	and	Changes.	A	Harvard	graduate	and	father	of	seven	Jay	will	be	great	for	New	Jersey	and	get	the	job	done-and	I	will	help!				
Paulsen	of	the	Great	State	of	Minnesota	has	done	a	fantastic	job	in	cutting	Taxes	and	Job	Killing	Regulations.	Hard	working	and	very	smart.	Keep	Erik	in	Congress.	He	has	my	Strong	Endorsement!																					
our	deepest	condolences	to	@RepLouBarletta	and	the	entire	Barletta	family	on	the	passing	of	his	brother.	Lou	has	been	working	so	hard	despite	this	terrible	situation	for	the	people	of	Pennsylvania.	Our	thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	Lou	and	the	entire	Barletta	family!											
Party	would	rather	protect	criminal	aliens	than	AMERICAN	CITIZENS	-	which	is	why	the	Democrats	must	be	voted	OUT	of	OFFICE!	#JobsNotMobs	https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	https://t.co/axUEOzBAsZ																														
in	this	Election	is	whether	we	continue	the	extraordinary	prosperity	we	have	achieved	-	or	whether	we	let	the	Radical	Democrat	Mob	take	a	giant	wrecking	ball	to	our	Country	and	our	Economy!	#JobsNotMobs	https://t.co/POhRivI1BZ																			
our	deepest	condolences	to	Lou	and	the	entire	Barletta	family	-	he	has	been	working	so	hard	despite	this	terrible	situation	for	the	people	of	Pennsylvania.	Our	thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	you	Lou!																				
HOUSTON	TEXAS.	Get	out	and	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh!	#JobsNotMobs	https://t.co/JXiFjDFH6R	https://t.co/Ebc1JfgUys																																													
																																																					
inside	and	outside	of	the	@ToyotaCenter	in	Houston	Texas.	Landing	shortly	-	see	everyone	soon!	#MAGA🇺🇸https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	https://t.co/tj5S6Z2GY7																																					
FLORIDA!	https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	https://t.co/6kaVM1TaiB																																																			
to	register	to	VOTE	in	Alabama	California	South	Dakota	and	Wyoming!	#JobsNotMobs	https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	https://t.co/hmQgqgmbyE																																								
thank	you	Houston	Texas!	I	am	departing	@Andrews_JBA	now.	See	you	in	a	few	hours!!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/UxZCo19cxT																																					
News	Media	has	been	talking	about	recent	approval	ratings	of	me	by	countries	around	the	world	including	the	European	Union	as	being	very	low....																														
of	course	they’re	low	-	because	for	the	first	time	in	50	years	I	am	making	them	pay	a	big	price	for	doing	business	with	America.	Why	should	they	like	me?	—	But	I	still	like	them!																	
Cleanest	Air	in	the	World	-	BY	FAR!”	https://t.co/rMtxHSnof4																																													
US	paying	more	for	illegal	immigrant	births	than	Trump’s	wall”	https://t.co/FX3ljN7kPS																																											
In	Texas!!!!																																																				
and	El	Salvador	were	not	able	to	do	the	job	of	stopping	people	from	leaving	their	country	and	coming	illegally	to	the	U.S.	We	will	now	begin	cutting	off	or	substantially	reducing	the	massive	foreign	aid	routinely	given	to	them.														
you	see	a	Caravan	or	people	illegally	coming	or	attempting	to	come	into	our	Country	illegally	think	of	and	blame	the	Democrats	for	not	giving	us	the	votes	to	change	our	pathetic	Immigration	Laws!	Remember	the	Midterms!	So	unfair	to	those	who	come	in	legally.									
looks	like	Mexico’s	Police	and	Military	are	unable	to	stop	the	Caravan	heading	to	the	Southern	Border	of	the	United	States.	Criminals	and	unknown	Middle	Easterners	are	mixed	in.	I	have	alerted	Border	Patrol	and	Military	that	this	is	a	National	Emergy.	Must	change	laws!									
Reed	of	New	York’s	23rd	District	has	done	a	great	job.	He	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!																																				
DeSantis	had	a	great	debate	victory	tonight	against	Andrew	Gillum	a	mayor	who	presides	over	one	of	the	worst	run	and	most	corrupt	cities	in	Florida.	Ron	will	build	on	the	great	job	done	by	Governor	Rick	Scott.	Gillum	will	make	Florida	the	next	Venezuela!									
just	stated	that	they	are	setting	up	a	system	to	“purge”	themselves	of	Fake	News.	Does	that	mean	CNN	will	finally	be	put	out	of	business?																												
Numbers	in	the	history	of	our	great	Country!	Many	other	things	likewise.	So	why	wouldn’t	we	win	the	Midterms?	Dems	can	never	do	even	nearly	as	well!	Think	of	what	will	happen	to	your	now	beautiful	401-k’s!																	
are	a	disgrace	to	the	Democrat	Party.	Change	the	immigration	laws	NOW!																																										
are	being	made	to	stop	the	onslaught	of	illegal	aliens	from	crossing	our	Souther	Border.	People	have	to	apply	for	asylum	in	Mexico	first	and	if	they	fail	to	do	that	the	U.S.	will	turn	them	away.	The	courts	are	asking	the	U.S.	to	do	things	that	are	not	doable!				
Dakota’s	Rep.	Kevin	Cramer	easily	win	debate	with	Senator	Heidi	Heitkamp.	Great	job	Kevin	you	will	be	a	great	Senator!																																		
of	government	and	Law	Enforcement	are	watching	carefully	for	VOTER	FRAUD	including	during	EARLY	VOTING.	Cheat	at	your	own	peril.	Violators	will	be	subject	to	maximum	penalties	both	civil	and	criminal!																							
in	Elko	Nevada.	Thank	you!	Get	out	and	VOTE	TODAY!!	#MAGA🇺🇸#JobsNotMobs	https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	https://t.co/AKfGzjrqCM																																									
Nevada	to	help	a	man	who	has	become	a	good	friend	Senator	Dean	Heller.	He	is	all	about	#MAGA	and	I	need	his	Help	and	Talent	in	Washington.	Also	Adam	Laxalt	will	be	a	GREAT	GOVERNOR	and	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement.	Winners	Both!									
after	a	fantastic	Rally	last	night	in	Mesa	honoring	and	for	Martha	@RepMcSally	McSally.	She	is	an	inspiration	&amp;	will	be	a	GREAT	SENATOR	for	the	people	of	Arizona.	Her	opponent	is	a	Nancy	Pelosi	puppet	really	bad	for	State.	Early	Voting	NOW!	Will	be	back	soon.							
is	known	as	easily	one	of	the	best	Governors	in	the	USA.	Florida	is	setting	records	in	almost	every	category	of	success.	Amazing	achievement-the	envy	of	the	World.	Ron	DeSantis	will	build	on	this	success.	His	incompetent	opponent	will	destroy	Florida	-	next	Venezuela!										
DeSantis	is	working	hard.	A	great	Congressman	and	top	student	at	Harvard	&amp;	Yale	Ron	will	be	a	record	setting	governor	for	Florida.	Rick	Scott	gave	him	tremendous	foundations	to	further	build	on.	His	opponent	runs	one	of	the	worst	&amp;	most	corrupt	cities	in	USA!								
and	Early	Vote	for	Brian	Kemp.	He	will	be	a	GREAT	GOVERNOR	for	the	State	of	Georgia!																																					
of	State	Brian	Kemp	will	be	a	great	governor.	He	has	been	successful	at	whatever	he	has	done	and	has	prepared	for	this	very	difficult	and	complex	job	for	many	years.	He	has	my	Strong	Endorsement.	His	opponent	is	totally	unqualified.	Would	destroy	a	great	state!								
Democrats	would	stop	being	obstructionists	and	come	together	we	could	write	up	and	agree	to	new	immigration	laws	in	less	than	one	hour.	Look	at	the	needless		pain	and	suffering	that	they	are	causing.	Look	at	the	horrors	taking	place	on	the	Border.	Chuck	&amp;	Nancy	call	me!					
in	Mesa	Arizona	with	GREAT	PATRIOTS	-	thank	you!	https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	#MAGARally🇺🇸replay:	https://t.co/6vHEaB37VH	https://t.co/pHmU6pMKh7																																									
outside	of	the	massive	totally	full	hangar	tonight	in	Mesa	Arizona!	https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/7mx98y515I																																								
way	-	see	you	all	shortly!	https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH	https://t.co/ahDmLiwPZi																																														
Mesa	Arizona!	Look	forward	to	joining	everyone	soon.	Something’s	happening!!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/z6LNGYoICO																																										
what	it	is	all	about	for	the	Republican	Party!	#JobsNotMobs	https://t.co/8OabccPec5																																											
																																																					
is	a	total	lightweight	compared	to	Ted	Cruz	and	he	comes	nowhere	near	representing	the	values	and	desires	of	the	people	of	the	Great	State	of	Texas.	He	will	never	be	allowed	to	turn	Texas	into	Venezuela!																	
State	Mike	Pompeo	was	never	given	or	shown	a	Transcript	or	Video	of	the	Saudi	Consulate	event.	FAKE	NEWS!																																			
to	the	USA	I	will	always	capitalize	the	word	Country!																																												
Biggs	is	doing	a	great	job	for	Arizona	and	our	Country!	https://t.co/V561vXRpzx																																										
																																																					
says	one	thing	to	voters	and	does	the	EXACT	OPPOSITE	in	Washington.	Tester	takes	his	orders	form	Pelosi	&amp;	Schumer.	Tester	wants	to	raise	your	taxes	take	away	your	2A	open	your	borders	and	deliver	MOB	RULE.	Retire	Tester	&amp;	Elect	America-First	Patriot	Matt	Rosendale!									
Missoula	Montana.	Get	out	and	VOTE	for	@MattForMontana	and	@GregForMontana!!	#MAGA🇺🇸https://t.co/6XgaceUu1e	https://t.co/nEndInSOhw																																										
thing	keeping	Tester	alive	is	he	has	millions	and	millions	of	dollars	from	outside	liberals	and	leftists	who	couldn’t	care	less	about	our	Country!																														
landing	soon.	Looking	forward	to	seeing	our	next	Senator	from	Montana	Matt	Rosendale.	He	will	represent	our	Country	well	far	better	than	Jon	Tester	who	will	vote	with	Cryin’	Chuck	Schumer	and	Nancy	Pelosi	-	never	with	us!																
@AbeShinzo	of	Japan	has	been	working	with	me	to	help	balance	out	the	one-sided	Trade	with	Japan.	These	are	some	of	the	investments	they	are	making	in	our	Country	-	just	the	beginning!	https://t.co/ib2yB3Akkt																				
Mexico	we	look	forward	to	working	with	you!	https://t.co/wf7sE0DHFT																																													
to	being	there.	Something’s	happening!	#MAGA	https://t.co/Cev7giQexE																																															
believe	this	and	what	Democrats	are	allowing	to	be	done	to	our	Country?	https://t.co/4aDpASkjIU																																								
support	people	with	pre-existing	conditions	and	if	they	don’t	they	will	after	I	speak	to	them.	I	am	in	total	support.	Also	Democrats	will	destroy	your	Medicare	and	I	will	keep	it	healthy	and	well!																			
tonight	Missoula	Montana!	#MAGARally🇺🇸https://t.co/2HZ66y4BS7																																																		
outside	of	the	West	Wing	after	our	meeting	this	morning	in	the	Oval	Office...	https://t.co/4GrmMdOhS1																																							
State	Mike	Pompeo	returned	last	night	from	Saudi	Arabia	and	Turkey.	I	met	with	him	this	morning	wherein	the	Saudi	situation	was	discussed	in	great	detail	including	his	meeting	with...																								
Prince.	He	is	waiting	for	the	results	of	the	investigations	being	done	by	the	Saudis	and	Turkey	and	just	gave	a	news	conference	to	that	effect.																												
is	one	of	the	hardest	working	and	smartest	people	in	Washington.	He	is	strong	on	the	Border	Crime	the	Military	our	Vets	and	the	2nd	Amendment.	He	is	a	powerful	vote	for	MAGA	and	loves	the	Great	State	of	Virginia.	Dave	has	my	Total	Endorsement!									
on	our	country	at	our	Southern	Border	including	the	Criminal	elements	and	DRUGS	pouring	in	is	far	more	important	to	me	as	President	than	Trade	or	the	USMCA.	Hopefully	Mexico	will	stop	this	onslaught	at	their	Northern	Border.	All	Democrats	fault	for	weak	laws!										
to	stopping	all	payments	to	these	countries	which	seem	to	have	almost	no	control	over	their	population	I	must	in	the	strongest	of	terms	ask	Mexico	to	stop	this	onslaught	-	and	if	unable	to	do	so	I	will	call	up	the	U.S.	Military	and	CLOSE	OUR	SOUTHERN	BORDER!..					
watching	the	Democrat	Party	led	(because	they	want	Open	Borders	and	existing	weak	laws)	assault	on	our	country	by	Guatemala	Honduras	and	El	Salvador	whose	leaders	are	doing	little	to	stop	this	large	flow	of	people	INCLUDING	MANY	CRIMINALS	from	entering	Mexico	to	U.S.....										
his	vicious	and	totally	FALSE	statements	about	Admiral	Ron	Jackson	the	highly	respected	White	House	Doctor	for	Obama	Bush	&amp;	me	Senator	John	Tester	looks	to	be	in	big	trouble	in	the	Great	State	of	Montana!	He	behaved	worse	than	the	Democrat	Mob	did	with	Justice	K!							
it	was	my	great	honor	to	present	@USMC	Sergeant	Major	John	Canley	the	Medal	of	Honor	in	the	East	Room	of	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/EI1DD4AkC9	https://t.co/6JJm1SRcQ9																													
Dunn	(@DunnCampaign)	of	Florida	has	done	an	outstanding	job	at	everything	having	to	do	with	#MAGA.	Now	working	hard	on	hurricane	relief	and	rebuild.	Strong	on	Crime	strong	on	Borders	loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets.	Neal	has	my	highest	Endorsement!													
women	want	safety	security	and	healthcare	protections	–	very	much	along	with	financial	and	economic	health	for	themselves	and	our	Country.	I	supply	all	of	this	far	better	than	any	Democrat	(for	decades	actually).	That’s	why	they	will	be	voting	for	me!												
																																																					
																																																					
																																																					
																																																					
J.	Trump	is	Following	Through	on	His	Promise	to	Cut	Burdensome	Red	Tape	and	Unleash	the	American	Economy”Read	more:	https://t.co/SrBaQzpq4E	https://t.co/zF8fEsw3in																																	
make	the	horrendous	weak	and	outdated	immigration	laws	and	the	Border	a	part	of	the	Midterms!																																						
believe	that	with	thousands	of	people	from	South	of	the	Border	walking	unimpeded	toward	our	country	in	the	form	of	large	Caravans	that	the	Democrats	won’t	approve	legislation	that	will	allow	laws	for	the	protection	of	our	country.	Great	Midterm	issue	for	Republicans!											
gave	Zero	coverage	to	the	Big	Day	the	Stock	Market	had	yesterday.”	@foxandfriends																																									
openings	hit	a	record	7.14	million.	Congratulations	USA!																																														
was	very	different	from	my	quote	and	meaning	in	the	story.	They	just	can’t	help	themselves.	FAKE	NEWS!																																				
has	done	so	much	for	Texas	including	massive	cuts	in	taxes	and	regulations	-	which	has	brought	Texas	to	the	best	jobs	numbers	in	the	history	of	the	state.	He	watches	carefully	over	your	2nd	Amendment.	O’Rourke	would	blow	it	all!	Ted	has	long	had	my	Strong	Endorsement!						
debate	last	night	&amp;	Beto	O’Rourke	who	wants	higher	taxes	and	far	more	regulations	is	not	in	the	same	league	with	Ted	Cruz	&amp;	what	the	great	people	of	Texas	stand	for	&amp;	want.	Ted	is	strong	on	Crime	Border	&amp;	2nd	A	loves	our	Military	Vets	Low	Taxes.	Beto	is	a	Flake!	
be	the	most	honest	president	in	modern	history.	When	you	look	at	the	real	barometer	of	presidential	truthfulness	which	is	promise	keeping	he	is	probably	the	most	honest	president	in	American	history.	He’s	done	exactly	what	he	said	he	would	do.”	Marc	Thiessen	WPost										
up	548	points	today.	Also	GREAT	jobs	numbers!																																														
is	being	hammered	even	by	the	Left.	Her	FALSE	claim	of	Indian	heritage	is	only	selling	to	VERY	LOW	I.Q.	individuals!																																	
the	United	States	illegally	will	be	arrested	and	detained	prior	to	being	sent	back	to	their	country!																																					
today	informed	the	countries	of	Honduras	Guatemala	and	El	Salvador	that	if	they	allow	their	citizens	or	others	to	journey	through	their	borders	and	up	to	the	United	States	with	the	intention	of	entering	our	country	illegally	all	payments	made	to	them	will	STOP	(END)!									
be	interviewed	tonight	by	Trish	Regan	on	@FoxBusiness	at	8:00	P.M.	right	after	the	great	Lou	Dobbs!																																					
James	is	making	headway	in	Michigan.	We	are	bringing	jobs	back	to	the	State	and	the	People	of	Michigan	appreciate	it.	Debbie	Stabenow	has	been	no	help	if	anything	a	major	hindrance.	John	James	is	a	star	I	hope	the	voters	see	it.	Polls	are	tightening!								
call	and	told	me	that	he	has	already	started	and	will	rapidly	expand	a	full	and	complete	investigation	into	this	matter.	Answers	will	be	forthcoming	shortly.																												
with	the	Crown	Prince	of	Saudi	Arabia	who	totally	denied	any	knowledge	of	what	took	place	in	their	Turkish	Consulate.	He	was	with	Secretary	of	State	Mike	Pompeo...																										
https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/ACTMe53TZU																																																			
really	possible	that	Bruce	Ohr	whose	wife	Nellie	was	paid	by	Simpson	and	GPS	Fusion	for	work	done	on	the	Fake	Dossier	and	who	was	used	as	a	Pawn	in	this	whole	SCAM	(WITCH	HUNT)	is	still	working	for	the	Department	of	Justice?????	Can	this	really	be	so?????						
Glen	Simpson’s	testimony	to	another	House	Panel	about	his	contact	with	Justice	Department	official	Bruce	Ohr.	Ohr	was	used	by	Simpson	and	Steele	as	a	Back	Channel	to	get	(FAKE)	Dossier	to	FBI.	Simpson	pleading	Fifth.”	Catherine	Herridge.	Where	is	Jeff	Sessions?												
throws	out	Stormy	Danials	lawsuit	versus	Trump.	Trump	is	entitled	to	full	legal	fees.”	@FoxNews	Great	now	I	can	go	after	Horseface	and	her	3rd	rate	lawyer	in	the	Great	State	of	Texas.	She	will	confirm	the	letter	she	signed!	She	knows	nothing	about	me	a	total	con!						
just	out	7036000	job	openings.	Astonishing	-	it’s	all	working!	Stock	Market	up	big	on	tremendous	potential	of	USA.	Also	Strong	Profits.	We	are	Number	One	in	World	by	far!																								
record	I	have	no	financial	interests	in	Saudi	Arabia	(or	Russia	for	that	matter).	Any	suggestion	that	I	have	is	just	more	FAKE	NEWS	(of	which	there	is	plenty)!																									
new	manufacturing	jobs	now	than	with	Obama.”	@FoxNews		@cvpayne																																												
States	has	strongly	informed	the	President	of	Honduras	that	if	the	large	Caravan	of	people	heading	to	the	U.S.	is	not	stopped	and	brought	back	to	Honduras	no	more	money	or	aid	will	be	given	to	Honduras	effective	immediately!															
Trump	Administrations	efforts	at	the	Border.”	@FoxNews		The		Washington	Examiner	States	“Finally	the	government	has	taken	steps	to	stop	releasing	unaccompanied	minors	to	criminals	and	traffickers.”	This	was	done	by	the	Obama	Administration!																			
to	the	Cherokee	Nation	for	revealing	that	Elizabeth	Warren	sometimes	referred	to	as	Pocahontas	is	a	complete	and	total	Fraud!																																		
her	claims	of	being	of	Indian	heritage	have	turned	out	to	be	a	scam	and	a	lie	Elizabeth	Warren	should	apologize	for	perpetrating	this	fraud	against	the	American	Public.	Harvard	called	her	“a	person	of	color”	(amazing	con)	and	would	not	have	taken	her	otherwise!									
bad	version)	sometimes	referred	to	as	Elizabeth	Warren	is	getting	slammed.	She	took	a	bogus	DNA	test	and	it	showed	that	she	may	be	1/1024	far	less	than	the	average	American.	Now	Cherokee	Nation	denies	her	“DNA	test	is	useless.”	Even	they	don’t	want	her.	Phony!								
WILL	PREVAIL!	https://t.co/C1TLMVkDmt																																																			
starts	today	on	lower-priced	Medicare	Advantage	plans	so	loved	by	our	great	seniors.	Crazy	Bernie	and	his	band	of	Congressional	Dems	will	outlaw	these	plans.	Disaster!																												
in	Florida.	Also	thinking	about	our	GREAT	Alabama	farmers	and	our	many	friends	in	North	and	South	Carolina	today.	We	are	with	you!																															
way	to	Florida	and	Georgia!																																																	
to	the	King	of	Saudi	Arabia	who	denies	any	knowledge	of	whatever	may	have	happened	“to	our	Saudi	Arabian	citizen.”	He	said	that	they	are	working	closely	with	Turkey	to	find	answer.	I	am	immediately	sending	our	Secretary	of	State	to	meet	with	King!										
leaving	for	Florida	and	Georgia	with	the	First	Lady	to	tour	the	hurricane	damage	and	visit	with	FEMA	First	Responders	and	Law	Enforcement.	Maximum	effort	is	taking	place	everyone	is	working	very	hard.	Worst	hit	in	50	years!																
at	my	Rallies	are	far	bigger	than	they	have	ever	been	before	including	the	2016	election.	Never	an	empty	seat	in	these	large	venues	many	thousands	of	people	watching	screens	outside.	Enthusiasm	&amp;	Spirit	is	through	the	roof.	SOMETHING	BIG	IS	HAPPENING	-	WATCH!										
way	to	shut	down	the	Democrats	new	Mob	Rule	strategy	is	to	stop	them	cold	at	the	Ballot	Box.	The	fight	for	America’s	future	is	never	over!”	Ben	Shapiro																									
to	NBC	for	the	correction!	https://t.co/L2mX3vREOl																																																
https://t.co/CrExOML9Mi																																																					
be	interviewed	on	“60	Minutes”	tonight	at	7:00	P.M.	after	NFL	game.	Enjoy!																																									
interviewed	tonight	by	@LesleyRStahl	on	@60Minutes	@CBSNews	at	7:30	P.M.	Eastern.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/eUTAP0u0Uh																																									
of	York	was	a	truly	beautiful	bride	yesterday.	She	has	been	through	so	much	and	has	come	out	a	total	winner!																																	
has	totally	and	purposely	changed	the	point	and		meaning	of	my	story	about	General	Robert	E	Lee	and	General	Ulysses	Grant.	Was	actually	a	shoutout	to	warrior	Grant	and	the	great	state	in	which	he	was	born.	As	usual	dishonest	reporting.	Even	mainstream	media	embarrassed!								
Tucker	Carlson	on	the	great	success	of	his	book	“Ship	of	Fools.”	It	just	went	to	NUMBER	ONE!																																				
Pastor	Andrew	Brunson	who	could	have	spent	35	years	in	a	Turkish	prison	was	returned	safely	home	to	his	family	today.	Met	in	Oval	Office	great	people!	Then	off	to	Kentucky	for	a	Rally	for	Congressman	Andy	Barr.	Tremendous	crowd	&amp;	spirit!	Just	returned	to	White	House.							
Kentucky!	#MAGA🇺🇸https://t.co/iCUqrQ91gF	https://t.co/xwsa1S2dIU																																																			
way	to	Richmond	Kentucky	for	a	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	rally	at	7:00pmE.	The	crowds	are	once	again	massive.	See	everyone	in	a	couple	of	hours!	#MAGA	https://t.co/D1FYNgW0nL	https://t.co/d0VBFeePLk																									
PASTOR	ANDREW	BRUNSON!	https://t.co/HijeAGU1gy																																																		
																																																					
the	Great	State	of	Kentucky	-	Big	Rally	for	Congressman	Andy	Barr	-	Fantastic	guy	need	his	vote	for	MAGA!	Strong	on	Crime	Tax	Cuts	Military	Vets	&amp;	2nd	A.	His	opponent	will	NEVER	vote	for	us	only	for	Pelosi.	Andy	has	my	Strongest	Endorsement!!!	See	you	in	Kentucky.					
Congressman	Keith	Rothfus	(R)	of	Pennsylvania	is	in	the	fight	of	his	life	because	the	Dems	changed	the	District	Map.	He	must	win.	Strong	on	crime	borders	big	tax	&amp;	reg	cuts	Military	&amp;	Vets.	Opponent	Lamb	a	Pelosi	puppet-weak	on	crime.	BIG	ENDORSEMENT	FOR	KEITH								
Turkish	prison	to	the	White	House	in	24	hours.”		Kristin	Fisher	of	@FoxNews			Very	cool!																																				
NO	DEAL	made	with	Turkey	for	the	release	and	return	of	Pastor	Andrew	Brunson.	I	don’t	make	deals	for	hostages.	There	was	however	great	appreciation	on	behalf	of	the	United	States	which	will	lead	to	good	perhaps	great	relations	between	the	United	States	&amp;	Turkey!									
Brunson	released	by	Turkey	will	be	with	me	in	the	Oval	Office	at	2:30	P.M.	(this	afternoon).	It	will	be	wonderful	to	see	and	meet	him.	He	is	a	great	Christian	who	has	been	through	such	a	tough	experience.	I	would	like	to	thank	President	@RT_Erdogan	for	his	help!					
Birthday	to	our	GREAT	@USNavy!	#243NavyBday	https://t.co/m1YtoKSHFw																																															
AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	rally	in	Lebanon	Ohio.	Thank	you!	#ICYMI	watch	here:	https://t.co/UGQAmARPKR	https://t.co/6nsoV8yTx3																																								
football	(and	lacrosse)	player	Jim	Brown	outside	the	West	Wing	of	the	@WhiteHouse.	He	is	also	a	tremendous	man	and	mentor	to	many	young	people!	https://t.co/yo7MxoGL6C																												
																																																					
With	the	recent	#USMCA	our	GREAT	FARMERS	will	do	better	than	ever	before!!	https://t.co/PMS4z2EScY																																								
our	GREAT	@FLOTUS	Melania	on	@ABC	@ABC2020	tonight	at	10pmE.	Enjoy!																																											
no	idea	how	hard	Hurricane	Michael	has	hit	the	great	state	of	Georgia.	I	will	be	visiting	both	Florida	and	Georgia	early	next	week.	We	are	working	very	hard	on	every	area	and	every	state	that	was	hit	-	we	are	with	you!											
PROMISES	KEPT!	https://t.co/2lk8Fjspe4																																																			
VOTE!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/EOCLoJJ24B																																																			
JUST	RELEASED.	WILL	BE	HOME	SOON!																																																
and	prayers	are	with	Pastor	Brunson	and	we	hope	to	have	him	safely	back	home	soon!																																						
everyone	wants	Ivanka	Trump	to	be	the	new	United	Nations	Ambassador.	She	would	be	incredible	but	I	can	already	hear	the	chants	of	Nepotism!	We	have	great	people	that	want	the	job.																						
hard	on	Pastor	Brunson!																																																		
																																																					
																																																					
																																																					
Patrol	Troopers	are	all	en	route	to	the	Panhandle	from	all	across	the	state	of	Florida	-	to	help	those	affected	by	#HurricaneMichael.	If	you	see	them	be	sure	to	shake	their	hands	and	say	THANK	YOU!	#LESM	https://t.co/rB7uNBudY5															
to	@FEMA	and	all	First	Responders!	#HurricaneMichael	https://t.co/vwN8BbrkkJ																																														
Jacksonville	Sheriff’s	Office!	#HurricaneMichael	https://t.co/fuy7stLMJI																																																	
crowd	tonight	in	Erie	Pennsylvania.	THANK	YOU	to	everyone	who	came	out	and	joined	us.	Together	we	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/FkPNNVpccX																															
Erie	Pennsylvania!	Remember	to	get	out	and	VOTE!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/X8IEW8h9qP																																												
these	great	people	down.	They	have	been	lined	up	since	last	night	-	see	you	soon	Pennsylvania!	https://t.co/jSrsmncw85																																				
@WhiteHouse	for	Erie	Pennsylvania.	I	cannot	disappoint	the	thousands	of	people	that	are	there	-	and	the	thousands	that	are	going.	I	look	forward	to	seeing	everyone	this	evening.																									
with	you	Florida!	https://t.co/qzrVLeFbyFhttps://t.co/HVVhSmBg7S	https://t.co/rcB6OCwLeH																																																	
many	positive	events	and	victories	Media	Reseach	Center	reports	that	92%	of	stories	on	Donald	Trump	are	negative	on	ABC	CBS	and	ABC.	It	is	FAKE	NEWS!	Don’t	worry	the	Failing	New	York	Times	didn’t	even	put	the	Brett	Kavanaugh	victory	on	the	Front	Page	yesterday-A17!								
is	running	as	the	highly	respected	Republican	Candidate	for	Governor	of	the	Great	State	of	Colorado.	His	credentials	and	talents	are	impeccable.	He	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!																									
IOWA	&amp;	NEBRASKA!	VOTE	VOTE	VOTE!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/tzkiQ4IlEd																																														
																																																					
in	Iowa.	GOD	BLESS	THE	U.S.A.!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/Zi0rwyajrz																																														
been	relentless	in	securing	the	funding	to	fix	the	algae	problem	from	Lake	Okeechobee	-	we	will	solve	this!	Congress	must	follow	through	on	the	Government’s	plan	on	the	Everglades	Reservoir.	Bill	Nelson	has	been	no	help!																	
J.	Trump	Approves	Florida	Emergency	Declaration”	https://t.co/TnTDCvs41W																																															
VOTE!	https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh	https://t.co/3vYfDmpqiH																																																			
It	is	imperative	that	you	heed	the	directions	of	your	State	and	Local	Officials.	Please	be	prepared	be	careful	and	be	SAFE!	#HurricaneMichael	https://t.co/VP6PBXfzm9	https://t.co/aKmaDNgZve																													
be	a	Cat.	3	which	is	even	more	intense	than	Florence.	Good	news	is	the	folks	in	the	Pan	Handle	can	take	care	of	anything.	@FEMA	and	First	Responders	are	ready	-	be	prepared!	#HurricaneMichael																			
its	way	to	the	Florida	Pan	Handle	with	major	elements	arriving	tomorrow.	Could	also	hit	in	later	stage	parts	of	Georgia	and	unfortunately	North	Carolina	and	South	Carolina	again...																									
with	my	friend	Ambassador	Nikki	Haley	in	the	Oval	Office	at	10:30am.																																										
going	to	Iowa	tonight	for	Rally	and	more!	The	Farmers	(and	all)	are	very	happy	with	USMCA!																																					
last	night	at	the	White	House	honoring	Justice	Kavanaugh	and	family.	Our	country	is	very	proud	of	them!																																				
D.C.	protesters	are	now	ready	to	REALLY	protest	because	they	haven’t	gotten	their	checks	-	in	other	words	they	weren’t	paid!	Screamers	in	Congress	and	outside	were	far	too	obvious	-	less	professional	than	anticipated	by	those	paying	(or	not	paying)	the	bills!											
																																																					
																																																					
see	@AGPamBondi	launch	a	cutting-edge	statewide	school	safety	APP	in	Florida	today	-	named	by	Parkland	Survivors.	BIG	PRIORITY	and	Florida	is	getting	it	done!	#FortifyFL																												
our	police	officers	race	into	darkened	allies	deserted	streets	&amp;	onto	the	doorsteps	of	the	most	hardened	criminals.	They	see	the	worst	of	humanity	&amp;	they	respond	with	the	best	of	the	American	Spirit.	America’s	LEOs	have	earned	the	everlasting	gratitude	of	our	Nation!	https://t.co/RquS91Vz7o									
you.	We	salute	you.	We	honor	you.	And	we	promise	you:	we	will	ALWAYS	have	your	BACK	–	now	and	FOREVER!	#IACP2018	https://t.co/nvUUIuvouj																															
officers	have	earned	the	everlasting	gratitude	of	our	Nation.	In	moments	of	danger	&amp;	despair	you	are	the	reason	we	never	lose	hope	–	because	there	are	men	&amp;	women	in	uniform	who	face	down	evil	&amp;	stand	for	all	that	is	GOOD	and	JUST	and	DECENT	and	RIGHT!	#IACP2018	https://t.co/N0Dq50DkbP			
my	great	honor	to	address	the	International	Association	of	Chiefs	of	Police	Annual	Convention	in	Orlando	Florida.	Thank	you!	#IACP2018	#LESM	https://t.co/Z0nY5bSNr6																																
D.C.	for	the	International	Association	of	Chiefs	of	Police	Annual	Convention	in	Orlando	Florida.	Look	forward	to	seeing	everyone	soon!	#IACP2018	https://t.co/EwSd7IU9t1																																
spirit	of	determination	&amp;	adventure	has	provided	inspiration	to	generations	of	Americans.	On	#ColumbusDay	we	honor	his	remarkable	accomplishments	as	a	navigator	&amp;	celebrate	his	voyage	into	the	unknown	expanse	of	the	Atlantic	Ocean.	https://t.co/Mg3dxRfPuN																			
a	good	meeting	with	Chairman	Kim	today	in	Pyongyang.	Progress	made	on	Singapore	Summit	Agreements!	I	look	forward	to	seeing	Chairman	Kim	again	in	the	near	future.	https://t.co/bUa2pkq80s																										
hand	matches	to	an	arsonist	and	you	don’t	give	power	to	an	angry	left-wing	mob.	Democrats	have	become	too	EXTREME	and	TOO	DANGEROUS	to	govern.	Republicans	believe	in	the	rule	of	law	-	not	the	rule	of	the	mob.	VOTE	REPUBLICAN!													
in	Topeka	Kansas.	VOTE	VOTE	VOTE!	#MAGA	https://t.co/bomRqsaYfm																																														
Kansas	-	I	love	you!	https://t.co/ymCFNr9WQY																																																
in	front	of	the	U.S.	Supreme	Court	is	tiny	looks	like	about	200	people	(&amp;	most	are	onlookers)	-	that	wouldn’t	even	fill	the	first	couple	of	rows	of	our	Kansas	Rally	or	any	of	our	Rallies	for	that	matter!	The	Fake	News	Media	tries	to	make	it	look	sooo	big	&amp;	it’s	not!
and	congratulate	the	U.S.	Senate	for	confirming	our	GREAT	NOMINEE	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh	to	the	United	States	Supreme	Court.	Later	today	I	will	sign	his	Commission	of	Appointment	and	he	will	be	officially	sworn	in.	Very	exciting!																	
asked	Steve	Daines	our	great	Republican	Senator	from	Montana	to	attend	his	daughter	Annie’s	wedding	rather	than	coming	to	today’s	vote.	Steve	was	ready	to	do	whatever	he	had	to	but	we	had	the	necessary	number.	To	the	Daines	Family	congratulations-have	a	wonderful	day!										
Kavanaugh	and	many	others	who	support	this	very	good	man	are	gathering	all	over	Capitol	Hill	in	preparation	for	a	5-Mar	P.M.	VOTE.	It	is	a	beautiful	thing	to	see	-	and	they	are	not	paid	professional	protesters	who	are	handed	expensive	signs.	Big	day	for	America!							
Kavanaugh	and	many	others	who	support	this	very	good	man	are	gathering	all	over	Capital	Hill	in	preparation	for	a	5-Mar	P.M.	VOTE.	It	is	a	beautiful	thing	to	see	-	and	they	are	not	paid	professional	protesters	who	are	handed	expensive	signs.	Big	day	for	America!							
of	the	U.S.	Senate	for	voting	“YES”	to	advance	the	nomination	of	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh!																																							
3.70%	Unemployment	is	the	lowest	number	since	1969!																																														
rude	elevator	screamers	are	paid	professionals	only	looking	to	make	Senators	look	bad.	Don’t	fall	for	it!	Also	look	at	all	of	the	professionally	made	identical	signs.	Paid	for	by	Soros	and	others.	These	are	not	signs	made	in	the	basement	from	love!	#Troublemakers										
in	Rochester	Minnesota.	VOTE	VOTE	VOTE!	https://t.co/SyxrxvTpZE																																															
Minnesota	-	I	love	you!https://t.co/eQC2NqdIil																																																	
my	second	stop	in	Minnesota	for	a	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	rally.	We	need	to	elect	@KarinHousley	to	the	U.S.	Senate	and	we	need	the	strong	leadership	of	@TomEmmer	@Jason2CD	@JimHagedornMN	and	@PeteStauber	in	the	U.S.	House!																	
is	doing	a	GREAT	job!	He	helped	pass	tax	reform	which	lowered	taxes	for	EVERYONE!	Nancy	Pelosi	is	spending	hundreds	of	thousands	of	dollars	on	his	opponent	because	they	both	support	a	liberal	agenda	of	higher	taxes	and	wasteful	spending!														
Widen	Global	Lead”	https://t.co/Snhv08ulcO																																																		
National	Strategy	for	Counterterrorism:	https://t.co/ajFBg9Elsj	https://t.co/Qr56ycjMAV																																																
thank	you!	https://t.co/6HQVaEXH0I																																																			
now	the	7th.	time	the	FBI	has	investigated	Judge	Kavanaugh.	If	we	made	it	100	it	would	still	not	be	good	enough	for	the	Obstructionist	Democrats.																												
a	very	important	time	in	our	country.	Due	Process	Fairness	and	Common	Sense	are	now	on	trial!																																					
great	First	Lady	Melania	is	doing	really	well	in	Africa.	The	people	love	her	and	she	loves	them!	It	is	a	beautiful	thing	to	see.																													
and	unfair	treatment	of	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh	is	having	an	incredible	upward	impact	on	voters.	The	PEOPLE	get	it	far	better	than	the	politicians.	Most	importantly	this	great	life	cannot	be	ruined	by	mean	&amp;	despicable	Democrats	and	totally	uncorroborated	allegations!													
enthusiasm	and	energy	for	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh.	Look	at	the	Energy	look	at	the	Polls.	Something	very	big	is	happening.	He	is	a	fine	man	and	great	intellect.	The	country	is	with	him	all	the	way!																		
and	prayers	are	with	the	Florence	County	Sheriff’s	Office	and	the	Florence	Police	Department	tonight	in	South	Carolina.	We	are	forever	grateful	for	what	our	Law	Enforcement	Officers	do	24/7/365.	https://t.co/ZwDmDthItD																							
to	President-Elect	Andres	Manuel	Lopez	Obrador	of	Mexico.	Great	call	we	will	work	well	together!																																							
it	each	time	I	go	out	to	Rallies	in	order	to	help	some	of	our	great	Republican	candidates.	VOTERS	ARE	REALLY	ANGRY	AT	THE	VICIOUS	AND	DESPICABLE	WAY	DEMOCRATS	ARE	TREATING	BRETT	KAVANAUGH!	He	and	his	wonderful	family	deserve	much	better.													
and	the	United	States	are	a	great	partnership	and	will	be	a	very	formidable	trading	force.	We	will	now	because	of	the	USMCA	work	very	well	together.	Great	Spirit!																									
on	New	Jobs	and	separately	Services.	Market	up!																																														
to	Congressman	Tom	Reed	of	New	York	for	your	wonderful	comments	on	our	great	new	Trade	Deal	with	Mexico	and	Canada	the	USMCA.	I	have	long	ago	given	you	my	Full	Endorsement	and	for	good	reason.	Keep	up	the	Great	Work!	@Varneyco												
Governor	Phil	Bryant	-	it	was	my	great	honor	to	be	there!	#MAGA	https://t.co/UbY7Qu2fMt																																								
																																																					
Market	just	reached	an	All-Time	High	during	my	Administration	for	the	102nd	Time	a	presidential	record	by	far	for	less	than	two	years.	So	much	potential	as	Trade	and	Military	Deals	are	completed.																					
New	York	Times	did	something	I	have	never	seen	done	before.	They	used	the	concept	of	“time	value	of	money”	in	doing	a	very	old	boring	and	often	told	hit	piece	on	me.	Added	up	this	means	that	97%	of	their	stories	on	me	are	bad.	Never	recovered	from	bad	election	call!		
of	Texas	is	a	TRUE	fighter	and	patriot.	Highly	respected	in	D.C.	by	all	he	always	gets	what	his	district	and	our	country	wants	and	needs.	Strong	on	Crime	Border	Military	Vets	and	2nd	Amendment.	Pete	has	my	Full	and	Total	Endorsement.	A	great	guy!									
Mississippi	-	Together	we	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/npnRirjcFG																																												
Administration	provided	HISTORIC	levels	of	funding	to	improve	school	safety	through	STOP	School	Violence	grants	–	a	top	priority	for	@sandyhook.	I	am	committed	to	keeping	our	children	SAFE	in	their	schools!																						
growth	is	at	the	highest	it’s	been	in	nearly	17	months	--	and	according	to	a	new	study	released	by	Glassdoor	it’s	not	expected	to	slow	down	anytime	soon....”	https://t.co/G0Ts6yVqF9																								
THE	U.S.A.!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/pquqyy5S3G																																																		
Mississippi	-	I	love	you!	https://t.co/eH6x1NBNQG																																																
really	an	incredible	time	for	our	Nation	-	WE	are	RESPECTED	AGAIN!	https://t.co/94KusYcDAj																																									
Praise	as	a	Victory	for	American	Industries	and	Workers”➡️https://t.co/UWhPhNXiiL	https://t.co/eBVv0nXXRT																																												
our	great	First	Lady	-	and	she	loves	doing	this!	https://t.co/VD7wlqeJoR																																											
was	my	great	honor	to	present	the	Medal	of	Honor	to	Ronald	J.	Shurer	II	for	his	actions	on	April	6	2008	when	he	braved	enemy	fire	to	treat	multiple	injured	Soldiers.	Read	more:	https://t.co/Nrrcp2JJUL	https://t.co/A0KLHmIPZs																		
REASON	TO	VOTE	FOR	A	DEMOCRAT	IS	IF	YOU’RE	TIRED	OF	WINNING!																																										
on	the	new	USMCA.	Thank	you!	Mexico	and	Canada	will	be	wonderful	partners	in	Trade	(and	more)	long	into	the	future.																																	
birthday	to	Tristan	a	very	special	member	of	the	Trump	family!																																											
THANK	YOU	TENNESSEE!	https://t.co/38UUDqfIz5																																																		
Tennessee	-	I	love	you!	https://t.co/1swpoY7F5x																																																
																																																					
on	the	USMCA	this	morning	at	11:00	-	Rose	Garden	of	White	House.																																									
Mexico	and	Canada!																																																			
mistakes	in	NAFTA	greatly	opens	markets	to	our	Farmers	and	Manufacturers	reduces	Trade	Barriers	to	the	U.S.	and	will	bring	all	three	Great	Nations	together	in	competition	with	the	rest	of	the	world.	The	USMCA	is	a	historic	transaction!															
mistakes	in	NAFTA	greatly	opens	markets	to	our	Farmers	and	Manufacturers	reduce	Trade	Barriers	to	the	U.S.	and	will	bring	all	three	Great	Nations	closer	together	in	competition	with	the	rest	of	the	world.	The	USMCA	is	a	historic	transaction!														
night	our	deadline	we	reached	a	wonderful	new	Trade	Deal	with	Canada	to	be	added	into	the	deal	already	reached	with	Mexico.	The	new	name	will	be	The	United	States	Mexico	Canada	Agreement	or	USMCA.	It	is	a	great	deal	for	all	three	countries	solves	the	many......							
starting	to	hear	the	Democrats	who	are	only	thinking	Obstruct	and	Delay	are	starting	to	put	out	the	word	that	the	“time”	and	“scope”	of	FBI	looking	into	Judge	Kavanaugh	and	witnesses	is	not	enough.	Hello!	For	them	it	will	never	be	enough	-	stay	tuned	and	watch!						
African-American	unemployment	is	now	at	the	lowest	number	in	history	median	income	the	highest	and	you	then	add	all	of	the	other	things	I	have	done	how	do	Democrats	who	have	done	NOTHING	for	African-Americans	but	TALK	win	the	Black	Vote?		And	it	will	only	get	better!						
I	don’t	watch	Saturday	Night	Live	(even	though	I	past	hosted	it)	-	no	longer	funny	no	talent	or	charm.	It	is	just	a	political	ad	for	the	Dems.	Word	is	that	Kanye	West	who	put	on	a	MAGA	hat	after	the	show	(despite	being	told	“no”)	was	great.	He’s	leading	the	charge!	
incorrectly	reported	(as	usual)	that	I	was	limiting	the	FBI	investigation	of	Judge	Kavanaugh	and	witnesses	only	to	certain	people.	Actually	I	want	them	to	interview	whoever	they	deem	appropriate	at	their	discretion.	Please	correct	your	reporting!																	
West	Virginia	-	I	love	you!	https://t.co/Ou2umCfKp9																																															
																																																					
West	Virginia	now.	Big	Rally.	Will	be	live	on	@FoxNews	tonight.	Long	lines	but	will	be	great!																																					
Blumenthal	must	talk	about	his	fraudulent	service	in	Vietnam	where	for	12	years	he	told	the	people	of	Connecticut	as	their	Attorney	General	that	he	was	a	great	Marine	War	Hero.	Talked	about	his	many	battles	of	near	death	but	was	never	in	Vietnam.	Total	Phony!								
tonight	our	7th	FBI	investigation	of	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh.	He	will	someday	be	recognized	as	a	truly	great	Justice	of	The	United	States	Supreme	Court!																													
showed	America	exactly	why	I	nominated	him.	His	testimony	was	powerful	honest	and	riveting.	Democrats’	search	and	destroy	strategy	is	disgraceful	and	this	process	has	been	a	total	sham	and	effort	to	delay	obstruct	and	resist.	The	Senate	must	vote!														
																																																					
this	Saturday	in	Wheeling	West	Virginia	at	7pmE!	Tickets:	https://t.co/JyRaBps0eR	https://t.co/hiruLIxa7w																																											
Zeldin	is	doing	a	fantastic	job	in	D.C.	Tough	and	smart	he	loves	our	Country	and	will	always	be	there	to	do	the	right	thing.	He	has	my	Complete	and	Total	Endorsement!																						
actually	placing	propaganda	ads	in	the	Des	Moines	Register	and	other	papers	made	to	look	like	news.	That’s	because	we	are	beating	them	on	Trade	opening	markets	and	the	farmers	will	make	a	fortune	when	this	is	over!	https://t.co/ppdvTX7oz1															
a	third	rate	lawyer	who	is	good	at	making	FALSE	accusations	like	he	did	on	me	and	like	he	is	now	doing	on	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh.	He	is	just	looking	for	attention	and	doesn’t	want	people	to	look	at	his	past	record	and	relationships	-	a	total	low-life!						
fell	to	their	lowest	level	in	49	years!																																														
hits	an	18	year	high	close	to	breaking	the	all-time	record.	A	big	jump	from	last	8	years.	People	are	excited	about	the	USA	again!	We	are	getting	Bigger	and	Richer	and	Stronger.	WAY	MORE	TO	GO!																	
are	playing	a	high	level	CON	GAME	in	their	vicious	effort	to	destroy	a	fine	person.	It	is	called	the	politics	of	destruction.	Behind	the	scene	the	Dems	are	laughing.	Pray	for	Brett	Kavanaugh	and	his	family!																	
enforcement	people	took	the	law	into	their	own	hands	when	it	came	to	President	Trump.”	@LindseyGrahamSC																																						
of	the	United	Nations	General	Assembly	#UNGA	https://t.co/xJyx7RrH5F																																														
rose	in	September	notching	its	highest	level	in	about	18	years.	The	Consumer	Board's	index	rose	to	138.4	this	month	from	134.7	in	August...”	https://t.co/ZbxjnrRvAX																													
President	Trump	at	a	Luncheon	Hosted	by	the	Secretary-General	of	the	United	Nations”	https://t.co/ShHaLmoSDL	https://t.co/k62KGgD8j6																																							
President	Trump	to	the	73rd	Session	of	the	United	Nations	General	Assembly”	➡️https://t.co/Oshhko61zY	https://t.co/Fm8LSse417																																								
to	Republicans:	“You	can	kiss	the	MIDTERMS	goodbye	if	you	don’t	get	highly	qualified	Kavanaugh	approved.”																																						
Dr.	Jeffress!	https://t.co/cm7NjQh0ti																																																			
Mark!	https://t.co/NVGs6WbQe2																																																				
																																																					
speaking	at	the	United	Nations	this	morning.	Our	country	is	much	stronger	and	much	richer	than	it	was	when	I	took	office	less	than	two	years	ago.	We	are	also	MUCH	safer!																						
I	have	no	plans	to	meet	Iranian	President	Hassan	Rouhani.	Maybe	someday	in	the	future.	I	am	sure	he	is	an	absolutely	lovely	man!																														
Favorability	is	the	highest	it	has	been	in	7	years	-	3	points	higher	than	Democrats!		Gallup																																				
are	working	hard	to	destroy	a	wonderful	man	and	a	man	who	has	the	potential	to	be	one	of	our	greatest	Supreme	Court	Justices	ever	with	an	array	of	FALSE	Accusations	the	likes	of	which	have	never	been	seen	before!														
MIDTERMS!																																																					
are	working	hard	to	destroy	a	wonderful	man	and	a	man	who	has	the	potential	to	be	one	of	our	greatest	Supreme	Court	Justices	ever	with	an	array	of	FALSE	Acquisitions	the	likes	of	which	have	never	been	seen	before!														
																																																					
my	great	honor	to	welcome	President	@EmmanuelMacron	of	France	to	the	United	States	here	in	New	York	City	this	evening!	#UNGA	https://t.co/Gd7pCBFUCg																																
my	great	honor	to	welcome	President	@AlsisiOfficial	of	Egypt	to	the	United	States	this	afternoon	in	New	York	City.	Great	meetings!	#UNGA	https://t.co/dsMZWodpWr																															
on	the	United	States-Korea	Free	Trade	Agreement:	https://t.co/m0jW8nqdQW	https://t.co/lcrhsJtv00																																													
and	his	wife	Ashley	will	be	interviewed	tonight	at	7pmE	on	@marthamaccallum	@FoxNews.	This	is	an	outstanding	family	who	must	be	treated	fairly!																															
Trade	Agreement	Signing	Ceremony!	https://t.co/yLFkAZgagG																																																	
my	great	honor	to	welcome	and	meet	with	President	@moonriver365	Jae-in	of	South	Korea	today	in	New	York	City!	https://t.co/7f3eOYGxDn	#UNGA	https://t.co/B6rVeeBTCc																																
commit	to	fighting	the	drug	epidemic	together!	#UNGA	https://t.co/XgaYTOBrSK																																													
President	Trump	at	‘Global	Call	to	Action	on	the	World	Drug	Problem’	Event”	#UNGA➡️https://t.co/kvUZegWdlH	https://t.co/BGdrQeZuId																																							
@AbeShinzo	is	coming	up	to	Trump	Tower	for	dinner	but	most	importantly	he	just	had	a	great	landslide	victory	in	Japan.	I	will	congratulate	him	on	behalf	of	the	American	people!																							
New	York.	Will	be	with	Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan	tonight	talking	Military	and	Trade.	We	have	done	much	to	help	Japan	would	like	to	see	more	of	a	reciprocal	relationship.	It	will	all	work	out!																		
playing	great.	Looks	like	a	big	win	could	happen.	Very	exciting!	@TigerWoods																																										
																																																					
																																																					
Records	being	set	on	a	daily	basis	-	and	it	is	not	by	accident!																																								
THE	U.S.A.!	https://t.co/n9OkDlqz11																																																			
Missouri	-	Together	we	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/onl1HmM2Gz																																												
Missouri	-	I	love	you!https://t.co/rx3mtd7yOy																																																	
President	Trump	at	the	Signing	of	H.R.	5895:00:00	https://t.co/tfKJJGMevo	https://t.co/7hcD22Txvy																																												
																																																					
for	our	GREAT	Veterans!	https://t.co/C0h8cW4FuH																																																	
history	the	men	and	women	of	our	Armed	Forces	have	selflessly	served	our	Country	making	tremendous	sacrifices	to	defend	our	liberty.	On	National	POW/MIA	Recognition	Day	we	honor	all	American	Prisoners	of	War:	https://t.co/ZGiqdYbats	https://t.co/OEetrLzgcJ																			
and	the	Democrats	held	the	letter	for	months	only	to	release	it	with	a	bang	after	the	hearings	were	OVER	-	done	very	purposefully	to	Obstruct	&amp;	Resist	&amp;	Delay.	Let	her	testify	or	not	and	TAKE	THE	VOTE!															
and	the	Democrats		held	the	letter	for	months	only	to	release	it	with	a	bang	after	the	hearings	were	OVER	-	done	very	purposefully	to	Obstruct	&amp;	Resist	&amp;	Delay.	Let	her	testify	or	not	and	TAKE	THE	VOTE!														
asked	to	review	these	documents	on	an	expedited	basis.	I	believe	he	will	move	quickly	on	this	(and	hopefully	other	things	which	he	is	looking	at).	In	the	end	I	can	always	declassify	if	it	proves	necessary.	Speed	is	very	important	to	me	-	and	everyone!								
with	the	DOJ	concerning	the	declassification	of	various	UNREDACTED	documents.	They	agreed	to	release	them	but	stated	that	so	doing	may	have	a	perceived	negative	impact	on	the	Russia	probe.	Also	key	Allies’	called	to	ask	not	to	release.	Therefore	the	Inspector	General.....											
left	lawyers	want	the	FBI	to	get	involved	NOW.	Why	didn’t	someone	call	the	FBI	36	years	ago?																																				
Chair	the	United	Nations	Security	Council	meeting	on	Iran	next	week!																																											
no	doubt	that	if	the	attack	on	Dr.	Ford	was	as	bad	as	she	says	charges	would	have	been	immediately	filed	with	local	Law	Enforcement	Authorities	by	either	her	or	her	loving	parents.	I	ask	that	she	bring	those	filings	forward	so	that	we	can	learn		date	time	and	place!			
Kavanaugh	is	a	fine	man	with	an	impeccable	reputation	who	is	under	assault	by	radical	left	wing	politicians	who	don’t	want	to	know	the	answers	they	just	want	to	destroy	and	delay.	Facts	don’t	matter.	I	go	through	this	with	them	every	single	day	in	D.C.								
WINNING	AGAIN!	https://t.co/6HcBjLAAQB																																																			
Las	Vegas	Nevada	-	I	love	you!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/GBZO84PyQ1																																													
GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/OYJUkiEUid																																																				
Las	Vegas	now	for	a	Make	America	Great	Again	Rally	supporting	@DeanHeller	and	@DannyTarkanian.	Also	doing	interview	there	with	@seanhannity	live	on	@FoxNews.	Big	crowd	long	lines.	Will	be	great!	#MAGA																							
																																																					
way	to	Las	Vegas	Nevada.	Look	forward	to	seeing	everyone	tonight!	#MAGA	https://t.co/wTeerIUJvd																																									
																																																					
to	be	identified	as	a	result	of	my	Summit	with	Chairman	Kim.	These	HEROES	are	home	they	may	Rest	In	Peace	and	hopefully	their	families	can	have	closure.																										
Sgt.	Charles	H.	McDaniel	32	of	Vernon	Indiana	and	Army	Pfc.	William	H.	Jones	19	of	Nash	County	North	Carolina	are	the	first	American	remains	from...																												
my	good	friend	Prime	Minister	@AbeShinzo	on	his	HUGE	election	victory	in	Japan.	I’m	looking	forward	to	many	more	years	of	working	together.	See	you	in	New	York	next	week!🇺🇸🇯🇵																								
running	for	Congress	in	the	11th	District	of	New	Jersey.	He	is	outstanding	in	every	way.	Strong	on	Borders	loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets.	Big	Crime	fighter.	Jay	has	my	Full	and	Total	Endorsement!																			
HITS	ALL-TIME	HIGH		Congratulations	USA!																																																
to	know	where	is	the	money	for	Border	Security	and	the	WALL	in	this	ridiculous	Spending	Bill	and	where	will	it	come	from	after	the	Midterms?	Dems	are	obstructing	Law	Enforcement	and	Border	Security.	REPUBLICANS	MUST	FINALLY	GET	TOUGH!															
that’s	lacking	is	we	can’t	properly	secure	the	Border	because	of	the	Democrats	historic	level	of	Obstruction.”	Senator	David	Perdue	of	Georgia.																																
secure	the	Border	because	of	the	Democrats	historic	level	of	Obstruction.	The	Presidents	fed	up	with	this.	His	agenda	is	working.	The	economy	is	growing	at	twice	the	rate	it	did	under	Obama.	We’ve	nominated	and	confirmed	68	Federal	Judges	26	Court	of	Appeals	Judges....									
the	countries	of	the	Middle	East	they	would	not	be	safe	for	very	long	without	us	and	yet	they	continue	to	push	for	higher	and	higher	oil	prices!	We	will	remember.	The	OPEC	monopoly	must	get	prices	down	now!															
jobs	numbers	are	fantastic.	There	are	plenty	of	new	high	paying	jobs	available	in	our	great	and	very	vibrant	economy.	If	you	are	not	happy	where	you	are	start	looking	-	but	also	remember	our	economy	is	only	getting	better.	Vote	in	Midterms!											
																																																					
book	by	Jason	Chaffetz	appropriately	called	“The	Deep	State.”	Very	interesting	indeed!																																										
to	the	White	House	from	the	Great	States	of	North	Carolina	and	South	Carolina	where	incredible	work	is	being	done	on	the	ongoing	fight	against	hurricane	Florence.	Tremendous	talent	and	spirit!																							
J.	Trump’s	Administration	is	Providing	Support	to	Those	Impacted	by	Hurricane	Florence”	https://t.co/3neafSgQ1h																																									
recommits	to	denuclearization	-	we’ve	come	a	long	way.”	@FoxNews																																												
impossible	-	and	then	already	it’s	over	4%	and	I	expect	it’s	going	to	grow	faster	and	faster.	We’re	just	getting	started	here.”	Peter	Ferrara	former	advisor	to	President	Reagan.	@foxandfriends																							
got	started	on	Election	Day	2016	It	took	Trump’s	Tax	Cuts	and	Regulation	Cuts	to	get	the	economy	booming.	Before	that	it	was	the	worst	and	slowest	economic	recovery	since	the	Great	Depression.	It	took	just	6	months	for	Trump	to	get	to	3%	even	though	they	said.....						
to	the	United	States.	Also	North	and	South	Korea	will	file	a	joint	bid	to	host	the	2032	Olympics.	Very	exciting!																																	
Un	has	agreed	to	allow	Nuclear	inspections	subject	to	final	negotiations	and	to	permanently	dismantle	a	test	site	and	launch	pad	in	the	presence	of	international	experts.	In	the	meantime	there	will	be	no	Rocket	or	Nuclear	testing.	Hero	remains	to	continue	being........											
Court	is	one	of	the	main	reasons	I	got	elected	President.	I	hope	Republican	Voters	and	others	are	watching	and	studying	the	Democrats	Playbook.																														
																																																					
was	my	great	honor	to	welcome	@prezydentpl	Andrzej	Duda	of	Poland	to	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/VdsTYdq9MN																																							
took	action	to	strengthen	our	Nation’s	defenses	against	biological	threats.	For	the	first	time	in	history	the	Federal	Government	has	a	National	Biodefense	Strategy	to	address	the	FULL	RANGE	of	biological	threats!	https://t.co/kW7Ug1DA6q																					
to	our	great	Coast	Guard	for	doing	such	a	tremendous	job	-	thousands	of	lives	being	saved!	https://t.co/Ud8AT1orf8	https://t.co/YEFnGMmwoV																																			
our	Military	and	our	First	Responders	who	are	all	unbelievable	are	a	disaster	and	not	doing	a	good	job.	This	will	be	a	total	lie	but	that’s	what	they	do	and	everybody	knows	it!																				
everybody	is	saying	what	a	great	job	we	are	doing	with	Hurricane	Florence	–	and	they	are	100%	correct.	But	don’t	be	fooled	at	some	point	in	the	near	future	the	Democrats	will	start	ranting...																			
Birthday	to	our	GREAT	United	States	Air	Force!	https://t.co/r9Sa7DJQ76																																													
been	taking	advantage	of	the	United	States	on	Trade	for	many	years.	They	also	know	that	I	am	the	one	that	knows	how	to	stop	it.	There	will	be	great	and	fast	economic	retaliation	against	China	if	our	farmers	ranchers	and/or	industrial	workers	are	targeted!									
openly	stated	that	they	are	actively	trying	to	impact	and	change	our	election	by	attacking	our	farmers	ranchers	and	industrial	workers	because	of	their	loyalty	to	me.	What	China	does	not	understand	is	that	these	people	are	great	patriots	and	fully	understand	that.....											
is	unprecedented	in	our	history.”	Congressman	Peter	King		Really	bad	things	were	happening	but	they	are	now	being	exposed.	Big	stuff!																																
be	disclosed	is	that	there	was	no	basis	for	these	FISA	Warrants	that	the	important	information	was	kept	from	the	court	there’s	going	to	be	a	disproportionate	influence	of	the	(Fake)	Dossier.	Basically	you	have	a	counter	terrorism	tool	used	to	spy	on	a	presidential...									
we	celebrate	Hispanic	Heritage	Month	we	share	our	gratitude	for	all	the	ways	Hispanic-Americans	make	our	country	flourish	and	prosper.	Today	and	every	day	we	honor	cherish	and	celebrate	Hispanic-American	Workers	Families	Students	Businesses	and	Leaders...	https://t.co/2AxlbluB2S																	
John	James	of	Michigan.	He	has	every	single	quality	to	be	your	next	Great	Senator	from	Michigan.	When	the	people	of	Michigan	get	to	know	John	they	will	say	he	is	a	TRUE	star.	Also	distinguished	Military	and	a	Combat	Vet!	https://t.co/thRBoBkuFL												
my	great	honor	to	host	today’s	Inaugural	Meeting	of	the	“President’s	National	Council	for	the	American	Worker”	in	the	Roosevelt	Room!	Read	more:	https://t.co/mi7MVljnBa	https://t.co/vyvlw2YP91																													
																																																					
Day!	https://t.co/9KiLowP3Hh																																																				
in	Las	Vegas	Nevada	at	7:00pm	for	a	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	RALLY!	Tickets:	https://t.co/keENWZEd0F	https://t.co/xJzQ9foOTL																																						
to	know	the	lowest	drug	price	at	their	pharmacy	but	“gag	clauses”	prevent	your	pharmacist	from	telling	you!	I	support	legislation	that	will	remove	gag	clauses	and	urge	the	Senate	to	act.	#AmericanPatientsFirst																					
Comey’s	firing	Peter	Strzok	texted	to	his	lover	Lisa	Page	“We	need	to	Open	the	case	we’ve	been	waiting	on	now	while	Andy	(McCabe	also	fired)	is	acting.	Page	answered	“We	need	to	lock	in	(redacted).	In	a	formal	chargeable	way.	Soon.”	Wow	a	conspiracy	caught?								
Testimony-	NO	EVIDENCE	OF	COLLUSION	BEFORE	MUELLER	APPOINTMENT.”	@FoxNews	by	Catherine	Herridge.	Therefore	the	case	should	never	have	been	allowed	to	be	brought.	It	is	a	totally	illegal	Witch	Hunt!																								
Industry	is	the	talk	of	the	World.	It	has	been	given	new	life	and	is	thriving.	Billions	of	Dollars	is	being	spent	on	new	plants	all	around	the	country!																									
put	the	U.S.	in	a	very	strong	bargaining	position	with	Billions	of	Dollars	and	Jobs	flowing	into	our	Country	-	and	yet	cost	increases	have	thus	far	been	almost	unnoticeable.	If	countries	will	not	make	fair	deals	with	us	they	will	be	“Tariffed!”											
of	small	&amp;	medium	size	enterprises	are	registering	very	good	profit	sometimes	record	profits-there	stocks	are	doing	very	well	low	income	workers	are	getting	big	raises.	There	are	an	awful	lot	of	good	things	going	on	that	weren’t	during	Pres.	Obama’s	Watch.”	Peter	Morici										
hit	its	highest	level	in	17	years	this	year.	Sentiment	fell	11%	in	2015	an	Obama	year	and	rose	16%	since	the	Election	#TrumpTime!																														
numbers	in	decades.	If	the	Democrats	take	control	kiss	your	newfound	wealth	goodbye!																																									
at	6:00	P.M.	on	@FoxBusiness.	Russian	Hoax	the	big	topic!	Mainstream	Media	often	referred	to	as	the	Fake	News	Media	hates	to	discuss	the	real	facts!																												
all	of	our	Mexican	friends	on	National	Independence	Day.	We	will	be	doing	great	things	together!																																						
Sunday	Morning	Futures	with	@MariaBartiromo	on	@FoxNews.	This	show	is	MANDATORY	watching	if	you	want	to	understand	the	massive	governmental	corruption	and	the	Russian	Hoax.	It	will	be	rebroadcast	this	evening	at	6:00	P.M.	on	@FoxBusiness.	A	must	see!															
Responders	and	Law	Enforcement	are	working	really	hard	on	hurricane	Florence.	As	the	storm	begins	to	finally	recede	they	will	kick	into	an	even	higher	gear.	Very	Professional!																										
Mueller	Witch	Hunt	continues	in	search	of	a	crime.	There	was	never	Collusion	with	Russia	except	by	the	Clinton	campaign	so	the	17	Angry	Democrats	are	looking	at	anything	they	can	find.	Very	unfair	and	BAD	for	the	country.	ALSO	not	allowed	under	the	LAW!									
Donald	Trump	Jr.	to	Obama:	My	Dad	Fixed	the	Economy	You	Could	Not	https://t.co/HXuSBGFmf2	via	@BreitbartNews																																						
have	been	recorded	thus	far	with	regard	to	hurricane	Florence!	Deepest	sympathies	and	warmth	go	out	to	the	families	and	friends	of	the	victims.	May	God	be	with	them!																									
Republican	leadership	learn	that	they	are	being	played	like	a	fiddle	by	the	Democrats	on	Border	Security	and	Building	the	Wall?	Without	Borders	we	don’t	have	a	country.	With	Open	Borders	which	the	Democrats	want	we	have	nothing	but	crime!	Finish	the	Wall!											
(our)	poll	numbers	are	good	with	the	Economy	being	the	best	ever	if	it	weren’t	for	the	Rigged	Russian	Witch	Hunt	they	would	be	25	points	higher!	Highly	conflicted	Bob	Mueller	&amp;	the	17	Angry	Democrats	are	using	this	Phony	issue	to	hurt	us	in	the	Midterms.	No	Collusion!					
Nevada	is	a	great	friend	who	supports	the	Trump	Agenda.	He	is	Strong	on	Crime	the	Border	and	our	under	siege	2nd	Amendment.	Danny	Loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets.	He	has	my	total	and	complete	Endorsement!																	
Rothfus	continues	to	do	a	great	job	for	the	people	of	Pennsylvania.	Keith	is	strong	on	Crime	the	Border	and	our	Second	Amendment.	Loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets.	He	has	my	total	Endorsement!																				
Sessions	of	Texas	is	doing	a	great	job.	He	is	a	fighter	who	will	be	tough	on	Crime	and	the	Border	fight	hard	for	our	Second	Amendment	and	loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets.	He	has	my	full	and	complete	Endorsement!													
Brock	–	it	is	my	honor!“We	(@FEMA)	have	never	had	the	support	that	we	have	had	from	this	President.”	Administrator	@FEMA_Brock																																	
@nycemergencymgt!	https://t.co/8jR4DLm99t																																																				
Obama	said	that	he	has	been	to	“57	States”	very	little	mention	in	Fake	News	Media.	Can	you	imagine	if	I	said	that...story	of	the	year!	@IngrahamAngle																											
to	tell	them	how	many	people	had	died	in	Puerto	Rico	(how	would	they	not	know	this?).	This	method	was	never	done	with	previous	hurricanes	because	other	jurisdictions	know	how	many	people	were	killed.	FIFTY	TIMES	LAST	ORIGINAL	NUMBER	-	NO	WAY!												
visited	the	island	territory	last	October	OFFICIALS	told	him	in	a	briefing	16	PEOPLE	had	died	from	Maria.”	The	Washington	Post.	This	was	long	AFTER	the	hurricane	took	place.	Over	many	months	it	went	to	64	PEOPLE.	Then	like	magic	“3000	PEOPLE	KILLED.”	They	hired....									
FEMA	First	Responders	and	Law	Enforcement	-	not	easy	very	dangerous	tremendous	talent.	America	is	proud	of	you.	Keep	it	all	going	-	finish	strong!																													
and	prayers	are	with	Evelyn	Rodriguez	this	evening	along	with	her	family	and	friends.	#RIPEvelyn	https://t.co/wMwxRdjBHM																																						
of	Puerto	Rico	is	the	rebuilding	that	has	occurred.	The	President	has	done	an	extraordinary	job	of	cleanup	rebuilding	electrical	stuff	and	everything	else.”		@EdRollins			“The	people	of	Puerto	Rico	have	one	of	the	most	corrupt	governments	in	our	country.”	@LouDobbs										
all	these	people	died	in	the	storm	in	Puerto	Rico	yet	70%	of	the	power	was	out	before	the	storm.	So	when	did	people	start	dying?	At	what	point	do	you	recognize	that	what	they	are	doing	is	a	political	agenda	couched	in	the	nice	language	of	journalism?”		@GeraldoRivera				
the	great	work	-	THANK	YOU!	https://t.co/qCKts6CfN4																																															
the	#CajunNavy	-	THANK	YOU!	#FlorenceHurricane2018	https://t.co/RuP55jWX8e																																															
being	done	by	FEMA	First	Responders	Law	Enforcement	and	all.	Thank	you!																																										
Great!	https://t.co/TyLQ2W42y5																																																				
had	illegal	meetings	with	the	very	hostile	Iranian	Regime	which	can	only	serve	to	undercut	our	great	work	to	the	detriment	of	the	American	people.	He	told	them	to	wait	out	the	Trump	Administration!	Was	he	registered	under	the	Foreign	Agents	Registration	Act?	BAD!										
Stabenow	and	the	Democrats	are	totally	against	approving	the	Farm	Bill.	They	are	fighting	tooth	and	nail	to	not	allow	our	Great	Farmers	to	get	what	they	so	richly	deserve.	Work	requirements	are	imperative	and	the	Dems	are	a	NO.	Not	good!												
@USNationalGuard!	#HurricaneFlorence	https://t.co/4xWFr1jz9I																																																			
just	briefed	on	Hurricane	Florence.	FEMA	First	Responders	and	Law	Enforcement	are	supplied	and	ready.	We	are	with	you!	https://t.co/mP7icn0Yzl	https://t.co/a8KQ0lcoSD																																	
@USCG!	https://t.co/PqddsoZg2I																																																				
Street	Journal	has	it	wrong	we	are	under	no	pressure	to	make	a	deal	with	China	they	are	under	pressure	to	make	a	deal	with	us.	Our	markets	are	surging	theirs	are	collapsing.	We	will	soon	be	taking	in	Billions	in	Tariffs	&amp;	making	products	at	home.	If	we	meet	we	meet?		
done	by	the	Democrats	in	order	to	make	me	look	as	bad	as	possible	when	I	was	successfully	raising	Billions	of	Dollars	to	help	rebuild	Puerto	Rico.	If	a	person	died	for	any	reason	like	old	age	just	add	them	onto	the	list.	Bad	politics.	I	love	Puerto	Rico!					
did	not	die	in	the	two	hurricanes	that	hit	Puerto	Rico.	When	I	left	the	Island	AFTER	the	storm	had	hit	they	had	anywhere	from	6	to	18	deaths.	As	time	went	by	it	did	not	go	up	by	much.	Then	a	long	time	later	they	started	to	report	really	large	numbers	like	3000...
Hits	All-Time	High!”	@foxandfriends		And	will	continue	to	rise	(unless	the	Dems	get	in	and	destroy	what	we	have	built).																																	
a	cesspool	of	corruption	and	the	people	who	did	this	need	to	be	brought	to	justice.”		@GreggJarrett																																				
messages	between	former	FBI	employees	Peter	Strzok	and	Lisa	Page	are	a	disaster	and	embarrassment	to	the	FBI	&amp;	DOJ.	This	should	never	have	happened	but	we	are	learning	more	and	more	by	the	hour.	“Others	were	leaking	like	mad”	in	order	to	get	the	President!	........							
completely	ready	for	hurricane	Florence	as	the	storm	gets	even	larger	and	more	powerful.	Be	careful!																																						
with	banker	Jamie	Dimon	running	for	President	is	that	he	doesn’t	have	the	aptitude	or	“smarts”	&amp;	is	a	poor	public	speaker	&amp;	nervous	mess	-	otherwise	he	is	wonderful.	I’ve	made	a	lot	of	bankers	and	others	look	much	smarter	than	they	are	with	my	great	economic	policy!					
was	my	great	honor	to	host	a	Congressional	Medal	of	Honor	Society	Reception	at	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/75JQiVtnUT																																					
https://t.co/jOdKT02rbH																																																					
imperative	that	everyone	follow	local	evacuation	orders.	This	storm	is	extremely	dangerous.	Be	SAFE!	#HurricaneFlorence	https://t.co/94Ue4e26PD	https://t.co/KvF54CwomW																																					
say	as	it	relates	to	the	Senate	Intelligence	Committee	Investigation	that	we	have	NO	hard	evidence	of	Collusion.”		Richard	Burr	(R-NC)	Senate	Intelligence	Committee	Chairman																												
may	now	be	dipping	a	bit	south	and	hitting	a	portion	of	the	Great	State	of	Georgia.	Be	ready	be	prepared!																																	
																																																					
is	looking	even	bigger	than	anticipated.	It	will	be	arriving	soon.	FEMA	First	Responders	and	Law	Enforcement	are	supplied	and	ready.	Be	safe!																															
A	Pluses	for	our	recent	hurricane	work	in	Texas	and	Florida	(and	did	an	unappreciated	great	job	in	Puerto	Rico	even	though	an	inaccessible	island	with	very	poor	electricity	and	a	totally	incompetent	Mayor	of	San	Juan).	We	are	ready	for	the	big	one	that	is	coming!							
has	absolutely	demonstrated	no	wrongdoing	whatsoever	&amp;	that	the	Special	Counsel	has	no	evidence	of	any	wrongdoing.	In	other	words	it’s	time	to	end	this	Witch	Hunt.”	@LouDobbs			Russian	“collusion”	was	just	an	excuse	by	the	Democrats	for	having	lost	the	Election!										
Waters:	“After	we	impeach	Trump	we’ll	go	after	Mike	Pence.	We’ll	get	him.”		@FoxNews		Where	are	the	Democrats	coming	from?	The	best	Economy	in	the	history	of	our	country	would	totally	collapse	if	they	ever	took	control!															
information	and	causing	the	appointment	of	a	Special	C	without	having	the	courage	of	his	own	convictions.....”		Alan	Dershowitz			@TuckerCarlson			In	other	words	the	whole	thing	was	illegally	and	very	unfairly	set	up?																
who’s	at	fault	for	this	more	than	anyone	else	Comey	because	he	leaked	information	and	laundered	it	through	a	professor	at	Columbia	Law	School.	Shame	on	that	professor	and	shame	on	Comey.	He	snuck	the	information	to	a	law	professor	who	collaborated	with	him	in........									
https://t.co/POd8D1WfBa																																																					
of	American	people	is	my	absolute	highest	priority.	Heed	the	directions	of	your	State	and	Local	Officials.	Please	be	prepared	be	careful	and	be	SAFE!	https://t.co/YP7ssITwW9	https://t.co/LZIUCgdPTH																											
Optimism	Soars	to	Highest	Level	Ever	|	Breitbart	https://t.co/T6rFhfPz6n	via	@BreitbartNews																																											
https://t.co/l8WZer3UOL																																																					
since	September	11th!																																																			
D.C.	to	attend	a	Flight	93	September	11th	Memorial	Service	in	Shanksville	Pennsylvania	with	Melania.	#NeverForget	https://t.co/O2sFUeRqeb																																					
did	a	GREAT	job	as	Mayor	of	NYC	during	the	period	of	September	11th.	His	leadership	bravery	and	skill	must	never	be	forgotten.	Rudy	is	a	TRUE	WARRIOR!																										
could	be	running	the	Justice	Department	right	now	and	it	would	be	behaving	no	differently	than	it	is.”	@LouDobbs																																			
texts	reveal	“Media	Leak	Strategy.”		@FoxNews		So	terrible	and	NOTHING	is	being	done	at	DOJ	or	FBI	-	but	the	world	is	watching	and	they	get	it	completely.																								
#September11th	https://t.co/ExGrrVtrEf																																																				
found	nothing	to	show	collusion	between	President	Trump	&amp;	Russia	absolutely	zero	but	every	day	we	get	more	documentation	showing	collusion	between	the	FBI	&amp;	DOJ	the	Hillary	campaign	foreign	spies	&amp;	Russians	incredible.”	@SaraCarterDC	@LouDobbs																		
																																																					
calls	with	South	Carolina	Governor	Henry	McMaster	North	Carolina	Governor	Roy	Cooper	and	Virginia	Governor	Ralph	Northam	regarding	the	incoming	storm.	Federal	Government	stands	by	ready	to	assist	24/7.																									
just	informed	me	that	this	is	one	of	the	worst	storms	to	hit	the	East	Coast	in	many	years.	Also	looking	like	a	direct	hit	on	North	Carolina	South	Carolina	and	Virginia.	Please	be	prepared	be	careful	and	be	SAFE!														
briefed	via	phone	by	@DHSgov	@SecNielsen	and	@FEMA	@FEMA_Brock	along	with	@VP	Mike	Pence	and	Chief	of	Staff	John	Kelly	on	incoming	storm	which	is	very	dangerous.	Heed	the	directions	of	your	State	and	Local	Officials	-	and	know	that	WE	are	here	for	you.	Be	SAFE!	https://t.co/sN8D5NvrBa						
is	holding	up	320	appointments	(Ambassadors	Executives	etc.)	of	great	people	who	have	left	jobs	and	given	up	so	much	in	order	to	come	into	Government.	Schumer	and	the	Democrats	continue	to	OBSTRUCT!																					
incredible	citizens	of	North	Carolina	South	Carolina	and	the	entire	East	Coast	-	the	storm	looks	very	bad!	Please	take	all	necessary	precautions.	We	have	already	began	mobilizing	our	assets	to	respond	accordingly	and	we	are	here	for	you!	https://t.co/g74cyD6b6K														
in	the	Atlantic	are	very	dangerous.	We	encourage	anyone	in	the	path	of	these	storms	to	prepare	themselves	and	to	heed	the	warnings	of	State	and	Local	officials.	The	Federal	Government	is	closely	monitoring	and	ready	to	assist.	We	are	with	you!												
would	need	a	magic	wand	to	get	to	4%	GDP”	stated	President	Obama.	I	guess	I	have	a	magic	wand	4.20%	and	we	will	do	MUCH	better	than	this!	We	have	just	begun.																					
is	soooo	good	perhaps	the	best	in	our	country’s	history	(remember	it’s	the	economy	stupid!)	that	the	Democrats	are	flailing	&amp;	lying	like	CRAZY!	Phony	books	articles	and	T.V.	“hits”	like	no	other	pol	has	had	to	endure-and	they	are	losing	big.	Very	dishonest	people!									
mostly	anonymous	sources	in	here	why	should	anyone	trust	you?	General	Mattis	General	Kelly	said	it’s	not	true.”	@SavannahGuthrie		@TODAYshow		Bob	Woodward	is	a	liar	who	is	like	a	Dem	operative	prior	to	the	Midterms.	He	was	caught	cold	even	by	NBC.										
this	book	with	a	grain	of	salt	&amp;	everyone	should	do	the	same.	Multiple	sources	but	almost	every	one	of	them	has	come	out	and	discredited	the	claims	made	by	Woodward.	You	cannot	take	this	book	too	seriously.”	Katelyn	Caralle	Washington	Examiner												
House	is	a	“smooth	running	machine.”	We	are	making	some	of	the	biggest	and	most	important	deals	in	our	country’s	history	-	with	many	more	to	come!	The	Dems	are	going	crazy!																						
House	is	running	beautifully.	We	are	making	some	of	the	greatest	and	most	important	deals	in	our	countries	history	-	with	many	more	to	come.	Big	progress!																											
book	is	a	Joke	-	just	another	assault	against	me	in	a	barrage	of	assaults	using	now	disproven	unnamed	and	anonymous	sources.	Many	have	already	come	forward	to	say	the	quotes	by	them	like	the	book	are	fiction.	Dems	can’t	stand	losing.	I’ll	write	the	real	book!							
Democrats	had	won	the	Election	in	2016	GDP	which	was	about	1%	and	going	down	would	have	been	minus	4%	instead	of	up	4.2%.	I	opened	up	our	beautiful	economic	engine	with	Regulation	and	Tax	Cuts.	Our	system	was	choking	and	would	have	been	made	worse.	Still	plenty	to	do!				
Rate	-4.20%	is	higher	than	the	Unemployment	Rate	-3.90%	for	the	first	time	in	over	100	years!																																					
I	wish	all	Jewish	people	Shana	Tova	and	send	our	warmest	greetings	to	those	celebrating	Rosh	Hashanah	and	the	start	of	the	High	Holy	Days...	https://t.co/uMrHHX5il0																												
to	denuclearize.”	@FoxNews		This	is	a	big	and	very	positive	statement	from	North	Korea.	Thank	you	To	Chairman	Kim.	We	will	both	prove	everyone	wrong!	There	is	nothing	like	good	dialogue	from	two	people	that	like	each	other!	Much	better	than	before	I	took	office.								
has	just	staged	their	parade	celebrating	70th	anniversary	of	founding	without	the	customary	display	of	nuclear	missiles.	Theme	was	peace	and	economic	development.	“Experts	believe	that	North	Korea	cut	out	the	nuclear	missiles	to	show	President	Trump......																	
first	game	ratings	are	way	down	over	an	already	really	bad	last	year	comparison.	Viewership	declined	13%	the	lowest	in	over	a	decade.	If	the	players	stood	proudly	for	our	Flag	and	Anthem	and	it	is	all	shown	on	broadcast	maybe	ratings	could	come	back?	Otherwise	worse!							
set	Economic	Growth	on	fire.	During	his	time	in	office	the	economy	has	achieved	feats	most	experts	thought	impossible.	GDP	is	growing	at	a	3	percent-plus	rate.	The	unemployment	rate	is	near	a	50	year	low.”	CNBC...Also	the	Stock	Market	is	up	almost	50%	since	Election!								
U.S.	sells	a	car	into	China	there	is	a	tax	of	25%.	If	China	sells	a	car	into	the	U.S.	there	is	a	tax	of	2%.	Does	anybody	think	that	is	FAIR?	The	days	of	the	U.S.	being	ripped-off	by	other	nations	is	OVER!										
abruptly	killed	a	plan	to	sell	a	Chinese-made	small	vehicle	in	the	U.S.	because	of	the	prospect	of	higher	U.S.	Tariffs.”	CNBC.		This	is	just	the	beginning.	This	car	can	now	be	BUILT	IN	THE	U.S.A.	and	Ford	will	pay	no	tariffs!											
talked	a	lot	about	hope	but	Donald	Trump	delivered	the	American	Dream.	All	the	economic	indicators	what’s	happening	overseas	Donald	Trump	has	proven	to	be	far	more	successful	than	Barack	Obama.	President	Trump	is	delivering	the	American	Dream.”	Jason	Chaffetz														
talked	a	lot	about	hope	but	Donald	Trump	delivered	the	American	Dream.	All	the	economic	indicators	what’s	happening	overseas	Donald	Trump	has	proven	to	be	far	more	successful	than	Barrack	Obama.	President	Trump	is	delivering	the	American	Dream.”	Jason	Chaffetz														
#ProudDeplorable	https://t.co/iHyeu5a8DD																																																				
thank	you	both!	https://t.co/IAskDJIILo																																																		
have	tried	every	trick	in	the	playbook-call	me	everything	under	the	sun.	But	if	I’m	all	of	those	terrible	things	how	come	I	beat	them	so	badly	306-223?	Maybe	they’re	just	not	very	good!	The	fact	is	they	are	going	CRAZY	only	because	they	know	they	can’t	beat	me	in	2020!			
doing	really	well	with	the	Senate	Midterms.	Races	that	we	were	not	even	thinking	about	winning	are	now	very	close	or	even	leading.	Election	night	will	be	very	interesting	indeed!																								
Media	(and	beyond)	Stars	@DiamondandSilk	are	terrific	people	who	are	doing	really	well.	We	are	all	very	proud	of	them	and	their	great	success!																														
“Mr.	Trump	remains	the	single	most	popular	figure	in	the	Republican	Party	whose	fealty	has	helped	buoy	candidates	in	competitive	Republican	primaries	and	remains	a	hot	commodity	among	general	election	candidates.”		Nicholas	Fandos	@nytimes																			
may	increase	because	of	the	massive	Tariffs	we	may	be	imposing	on	China	-	but	there	is	an	easy	solution	where	there	would	be	ZERO	tax	and	indeed	a	tax	incentive.	Make	your	products	in	the	United	States	instead	of	China.	Start	building	new	plants	now.	Exciting!	#MAGA						
breaking	all	Jobs	and	Economic	Records	but	importantly	our	Country	has	TREMENDOUS	FUTURE	POTENTIAL.	We	have	just	begun!																																				
point	President	Trump’s	achievements	are	unprecedented.”		@LouDobbs																																														
is	running	for	Congress	in	the	Great	State	of	Minnesota.	He	will	help	us	accomplish	our	America	First	policies	is	strong	on	Crime	the	Border	our	2nd	Amendmen	Trade	Military	and	Vets.	Running	against	Pelosi	Liberal	Puppet	Petterson.	Dave	has	my	Total	Endorsement!											
for	$28 	MILLION	-	$2 	MILLION	a	day	No	Collusion.	A	great	day	for	America!																																							
Growth	Streak	Continues	as	Wages	Rise”	https://t.co/Mk0WSyjdOe																																															
horrible	immigration	laws	the	Government	is	frequently	blocked	from	deporting	criminal	aliens	with	violent	felony	convictions.	House	GOP	just	passed	a	bill	to	increase	our	ability	to	deport	violent	felons	(Crazy	Dems	opposed).	Need	to	get	this	bill	to	my	desk	fast!												
book	is	a	scam.	I	don’t	talk	the	way	I	am	quoted.	If	I	did	I	would	not	have	been	elected	President.	These	quotes	were	made	up.	The	author	uses	every	trick	in	the	book	to	demean	and	belittle.	I	wish	the	people	could	see	the	real	facts	-	and	our	country	is	doing
will	be	a	Great	Senator	from	a	Great	State	Montana!	He	is	a	fighter	who	will	be	tough	on	Crime	and	the	Border	fight	hard	for	our	2nd	Amendment	and	loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets.	He	has	my	full	and	complete	Endorsement!											
Nike	thinking?																																																				
Montana	I	love	you!	https://t.co/9J4Xv2PoNw																																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/RPOYiqsHHH																																																			
to	go	on	stage	for	Matt	Rosendale	who	will	be	a	great	Senator.	Jon	Tester	has	let	the	people	of	Montana	down	&amp;	does	not	deserve	another	six	years.	Matt	is	strong	on	Crime	the	Borders	&amp;	will	save	your	Second	Amendment	from	the	onslaught.	Loves	our	Military	&amp;	Vets!				
Montana	now	to	support	Matt	Rosendale	for	U.S.	Senate!	#MAGA	https://t.co/0MIEyWxMbW																																											
investigative	“journalists”	of	the	New	York	Times	going	to	investigate	themselves	-	who	is	the	anonymous	letter	writer?																																				
to	seeing	everyone	in	Montana	tonight!	#MAGA	https://t.co/fyHduA2Peo																																														
is	quite	remarkable.	The	President	has	faithfully	followed	the	agenda	he	campaigned	on	in	2016	People	should	focus	on	the	results	and	they’re	extraordinary!”		James	Freeman	-	Wall	Street	Journal																							
highest	in	18	years	Atlanta	Fed	forecasts	4.7	GDP	manufacturing	jobs	highest	in	many	years.	“It’s	the	story	of	the	Trump	Administration	the	Economic	Success	that’s	unnerving	his	detractors.”	@MariaBartiromo																								
State	and	the	Left	and	their	vehicle	the	Fake	News	Media	are	going	Crazy	-	&amp;	they	don’t	know	what	to	do.	The	Economy	is	booming	like	never	before	Jobs	are	at	Historic	Highs	soon	TWO	Supreme	Court	Justices	&amp;	maybe	Declassification	to	find	Additional	Corruption.	Wow!							
Un	of	North	Korea	proclaims	“unwavering	faith	in	President	Trump.”	Thank	you	to	Chairman	Kim.	We	will	get	it	done	together!																																	
the	Swamp	and	the	Swamp	is	trying	to	fight	back.	Don’t	worry	we	will	win!																																							
so-called	“Senior	Administration	Official”	really	exist	or	is	it	just	the	Failing	New	York	Times	with	another	phony	source?	If	the	GUTLESS	anonymous	person	does	indeed	exist	the	Times	must	for	National	Security	purposes	turn	him/her	over	to	government	at	once!													
																																																					
New	York	Times!	https://t.co/SHsXvYKpBf																																																		
was	my	honor	to	welcome	the	Amir	of	Kuwait	to	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/b5iqsajpOj	https://t.co/8wtucJrtEl																																								
tomorrow	night	at	7:00pm	MDT	in	Billings	Montana	for	a	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	RALLY!	Get	your	tickets	here:	https://t.co/fyHduA2Peo																																		
General	Mattis	book	is	boring	&amp;	untrue!	https://t.co/Bq79ZjF3Dk																																														
General	Kelly	book	is	total	fiction!	https://t.co/J5iUONhRin																																															
the	NFL	whose	ratings	have	gone	WAY	DOWN	Nike	is	getting	absolutely	killed	with	anger	and	boycotts.	I	wonder	if	they	had	any	idea	that	it	would	be	this	way?	As	far	as	the	NFL	is	concerned	I	just	find	it	hard	to	watch	and	always	will	until	they	stand	for	the	FLAG!	
Economy	is	booming	with	help	of	House	and	Senate	GOP.	#FarmBill	with	SNAP	work		requirements	will	bolster	farmers	and	get	America	back	to	work.	Pass	the	Farm	Bill	with	SNAP	work	requirements!																					
agrees	that	my	Administration	has	done	more	in	less	than	two	years	than	any	other	Administration	in	the	history	of	our	Country.	I’m	tough	as	hell	on	people	&amp;	if	I	weren’t	nothing	would	get	done.	Also	I	question	everybody	&amp;	everything-which	is	why	I	got	elected!							
a	shame	that	someone	can	write	an	article	or	book	totally	make	up	stories	and	form	a	picture	of	a	person	that	is	literally	the	exact	opposite	of	the	fact	and	get	away	with	it	without	retribution	or	cost.	Don’t	know	why	Washington	politicians	don’t	change	libel	laws?						
Nukes	Woodward	Allegations”	https://t.co/H5bPjsVXNb																																																		
Calls	Woodward	Book	'Fiction':	'Product	of	Someone's	Rich	Imagination'	https://t.co/HGMDiH98nx	via	@BreitbartNews																																										
discredited	Woodward	book	so	many	lies	and	phony	sources	has	me	calling	Jeff	Sessions	“mentally	retarded”	and	“a	dumb	southerner.”	I	said	NEITHER	never	used	those	terms	on	anyone	including	Jeff	and	being	a	southerner	is	a	GREAT	thing.	He	made	this	up	to	divide!									
Chuck	Todd	of	Fake	NBC	News	said	it’s	time	for	the	Press	to	stop	complaining	and	to	start	fighting	back.	Actually	Chuck	they’ve	been	doing	that	from	the	day	I	announced	for	President.	They’ve	gone	all	out	and	I	WON	and	now	they’re	going	CRAZY!									
book	has	already	been	refuted	and	discredited	by	General	(Secretary	of	Defense)	James	Mattis	and	General	(Chief	of	Staff)	John	Kelly.	Their	quotes	were	made	up	frauds	a	con	on	the	public.	Likewise	other	stories	and	quotes.	Woodward	is	a	Dem	operative?	Notice	timing?										
White	House	@PressSec	Sarah	Sanders:	https://t.co/mE73HSi6Rl																																																
White	House	Chief	of	Staff	General	John	Kelly:	https://t.co/LUN8cDr3N5																																													
Secretary	of	Defense	James	Mattis:	https://t.co/OneaxKCneV																																																
Kavanaugh	is	an	Exceptionally	Qualified	and	Deserving	Nominee	for	the	Supreme	Court”	https://t.co/nD5XZo9yIm																																									
is	a	decorated	Marine	Corps	Veteran	who	loves	and	supports	our	Military	and	Vets.	He	is	Strong	on	Crime	the	Border	and	supported	Tax	Cuts	for	the	people	of	California.	Paul	has	my	total	and	complete	Endorsement!																	
America’s	Workers”	https://t.co/wbGZU6oi9G																																																			
inflict	pain	and	embarrassment	to	one	of	the	most	highly	renowned	jurists	to	ever	appear	before	Congress.	So	sad	to	see!																																	
Kavanaugh	hearings	for	the	future	Justice	of	the	Supreme	Court	are	truly	a	display	of	how	mean	angry	and	despicable	the	other	side	is.	They	will	say	anything	and	are	only....																							
will	be	an	extraordinary	Senator	representing	an	extraordinary	state	Arizona.	I	look	forward	to	working	with	him!																																					
the	path	of	#Gordon	please	heed	the	advice	of	State	and	local	officials	and	follow	@NHC_Atlantic	for	updates.	The	Federal	Government	stands	ready	to	assist.	Be	safe!	https://t.co/sJiL4wnQID																										
NEWS	which	is	under	intense	scrutiny	over	their	killing	the	Harvey	Weinstein	story	is	now	fumbling	around	making	excuses	for	their	probably	highly	unethical	conduct.	I	have	long	criticized	NBC	and	their	journalistic	standards-worse	than	even	CNN.	Look	at	their	license?													
al-Assad	of	Syria	must	not	recklessly	attack	Idlib	Province.	The	Russians	and	Iranians	would	be	making	a	grave	humanitarian	mistake	to	take	part	in	this	potential	human	tragedy.	Hundreds	of	thousands	of	people	could	be	killed.	Don’t	let	that	happen!														
the	Failing	New	York	Times	the	FBI	started	a	major	effort	to	flip	Putin	loyalists	in	2014-2016.	“It	wasn’t	about	Trump	he	wasn’t	even	close	to	a	candidate	yet.”		Rigged	Witch	Hunt!																					
that	John	Kerry	the	father	of	the	now	terminated	Iran	deal	is	thinking	of	running	for	President.	I	should	only	be	so	lucky	-	although	the	field	that	is	currently	assembling	looks	really	good	-	FOR	ME!																	
none	of	whom	voted	for	Jeff	Sessions	must	love	him	now.	Same	thing	with	Lyin’	James	Comey.	The	Dems	all	hated	him	wanted	him	out	thought	he	was	disgusting	-	UNTIL	I	FIRED	HIM!	Immediately	he	became	a	wonderful	man	a	saint	like	figure	in	fact.	Really	sick!						
running	Obama	era	investigations	of		two	very	popular	Republican	Congressmen	were	brought	to	a	well	publicized	charge	just	ahead	of	the	Mid-Terms	by	the	Jeff	Sessions	Justice	Department.	Two	easy	wins	now	in	doubt	because	there	is	not	enough	time.	Good	job	Jeff......										
is	respected	again!	https://t.co/NtQ4vsoqnk																																																		
the	head	of	the	AFL-CIO	represented	his	union	poorly	on	television	this	weekend.	Some	of	the	things	he	said	were	so	against	the	working	men	and	women	of	our	country	and	the	success	of	the	U.S.	itself	that	it	is	easy	to	see	why	unions	are	doing	so	poorly.	A	Dem!			
in	America	is	doing	better	than	ever	before.	Celebrate	Labor	Day!																																											
Day!	Our	country	is	doing	better	than	ever	before	with	unemployment	setting	record	lows.	The	U.S.	has	tremendous	upside	potential	as	we	go	about	fixing	some	of	the	worst	Trade	Deals	ever	made	by	any	country	in	the	world.	Big	progress	being	made!											
the	head	of	the	AFL-CIO	represented	his	union	poorly	on	television	this	weekend.	Some	of	the	things	he	said	were	so	againt	the	working	men	and	women	of	our	country	and	the	success	of	the	U.S.	itself	that	it	is	easy	to	see	why	unions	are	doing	so	poorly.	A	Dem!			
is	that	African/American	unemployment	is	now	the	lowest	in	the	history	of	our	country.	Same	with	Asian	Hispanic	and	almost	every	other	group.	The	Democrats	have	been	all	talk	and	no	action.	My	Administration	has	already	produced	like	no	other	and	everyone	sees	it!										
showed	great	class	in	the	way	he	answered	the	question	about	the	Office	of	the	Presidency	and	me.	Now	they	say	the	so-called	“left”	is	angry	at	him.	So	sad	but	the	“center	&amp;	right”	loves	Tiger	Kanye	George	Foreman	Jim	Brown	&amp;	so	many	other	greats	even	more.......					
no	possible	way	the	Trump	Tower	meeting	between	Don	Trump	jr	and	a	couple	of	Russians	who	have	very	deep	connections	to	both	the	Clintons	&amp;	Fusion	GPS	&amp;	where	no	information	on	the	Clintons	was	exchanged	is	a	crime.	Dems	are	blinded	by	their	hatred	of	Trump.”	Bongino					
was	ever	given	by	the	Trump	Team	to	Russia	yet	the	Hillary	Clinton	campaign	paid	for	information	from	Kremlin	sources	and	just	washed	it	through	an	intermediary	Christopher	Steele.”		Jesse	Waters																						
power.	That’s	part	of	the	story	of	the	Russia	Hoax.	Christopher	Steele	is	on	the	payroll	of	Hillary	Clinton	&amp;	the	FBI	&amp;	when	they	fired	him	for	lying	they	continued	to	use	him.	Violation	of	FBI	regulations.	Kept	trying	to	verify	the	unverifiable.”	@GreggJarrett									
fairness	here	if	you’re	a	Democrat	or	a	friend	of	Hillary	you	get	immunity	or	off	scott	free.	If	you’re	connected	to	Donald	Trump	you	get	people	like	Robert	Mueller	&amp;	Andrew	Weissman	and	his	team	of	partisans	coming	after	you	with	a	vengeance	and	abusing	their....							
have	to	buy	our	friends	with	bad	Trade	Deals	and	Free	Military	Protection!																																									
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
Trade	Talks	with	Canada	Conclude	for	the	Week	with	No	Agreement	|	Breitbart	https://t.co/87vi7OqopY	via	@BreitbartNews																																						
was	one	of	the	WORST	Trade	Deals	ever	made.	The	U.S.	lost	thousands	of	businesses	and	millions	of	jobs.	We	were	far	better	off	before	NAFTA	-	should	never	have	been	signed.	Even	the	Vat	Tax	was	not	accounted	for.	We	make	new	deal	or	go	back	to	pre-NAFTA!					
no	political	necessity	to	keep	Canada	in	the	new	NAFTA	deal.	If	we	don’t	make	a	fair	deal	for	the	U.S.	after	decades	of	abuse	Canada	will	be	out.	Congress	should	not	interfere	w/	these	negotiations	or	I	will	simply	terminate	NAFTA	entirely	&amp;	we	will	be	far	better	off...				
no	political	necessity	to	keep	Canada	in	the	new	NAFTA	deal.	If	we	don’t	make	a	fair	deal	for	the	U.S.	after	decade	of	abuse	Canada	will	be	out.	Congress	should	not	interfere	with	these	negotiations	or	I	will	simply	terminate	NAFTA	entirely	&amp;	we	will	be	far	better	off..				
and	now	we	find	out	that	there	wasn’t	even	a	hearing	-	that	Donald	Trump’s	4th	Amendment	right	to	privacy	was	signed	away...and	someone	in	there	is	swearing	that	this	stuff	is	TRUE	when	it	wasn’t?	This	is	the	scandal	here	-	a	police	state.”		Dan	Bongino						
a	Fake	Dossier	gathered	by	Steele	paid	by	the	Clinton	team	to	get	information	on	Trump.	The	Dossier	is	Fake	nothing	in	it	has	been	verified.	It	then	filters	into	our	American	court	system	in	order	to	spy	on	Barrack	Obama	and	Hillary	Clinton’s	political	opponent......								
DOJ	&amp;	FBI	are	completely	out	to	lunch	in	terms	of	exposing	and	holding	those	accountable	who	are	responsible	for	that	corruption.”	@TomFitton	@JudicialWatch																														
were	no	FISA	hearings	held	over	Spy	documents.”It	is	astonishing	that	the	FISA	courts	couldn’t	hold	hearings	on	Spy	Warrants	targeting	Donald	Trump.	It	isn’t	about	Carter	Page	it’s	about	the	Trump	Campaign.	You’ve	got	corruption	at	the	DOJ	&amp;	FBI.	The	leadership....											
Canada	but	they’ve	taken	advantage	of	our	Country	for	many	years!																																											
today	what	has	happened	is	that	news	reporting	has	become	part	of	the	adversary	system.”	Alan	Dershowitz		It	has	become	tainted	and	corrupt!	DJT																													
believe	that	Bloomberg	violated	a	firm	OFF	THE	RECORD	statement.	Will	they	put	out	an	apology?																																						
in	North	Carolina	where	Republicans	will	do	very	well!																																													
Post	Poll	was	by	far	the	least	accurate	one	2	weeks	out	from	the	2016	Election.	I	call	it	a	suppression	poll	-	but	by	Election	Day	they	brought	us	out	of	shame	to	about	even.	They	will	never	learn!														
came	out	at	48%	approval	rate	despite	the	constant	and	intense	Fake	News.	Higher	than	Election	Day	and	higher	than	President	Obama.	Rasmussen	was	one	of	the	most	accurate	Election	Day	polls!																						
																																																					
J.	Trump	is	Strengthening	Retirement	Security	for	American	Workers”	https://t.co/cKeATuKXDe																																												
made	OFF	THE	RECORD	COMMENTS	to	Bloomberg	concerning	Canada	and	this	powerful	understanding	was	BLATANTLY	VIOLATED.	Oh	well	just	more	dishonest	reporting.	I	am	used	to	it.	At	least	Canada	knows	where	I	stand!																				
be	doing	a	major	rally	for	Senator	Ted	Cruz	in	October.	I’m	picking	the	biggest	stadium	in	Texas	we	can	find.	As	you	know	Ted	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement.	His	opponent	is	a	disaster	for	Texas	-	weak	on	Second	Amendment	Crime	Borders	Military	and	Vets!						
Indiana	I	love	you!https://t.co/To6s9ViMj1																																																		
#MAGA	https://t.co/8slzITa1l6																																																				
ran	a	great	winning	campaign	against	a	very	tough	opponent	in	Oklahoma.	Kevin	is	a	very	successful	businessman	who	will	be	a	fantastic	Governor.	He	is	strong	on	Crime	&amp;	Borders	the	2nd	Amendment	&amp;	loves	our	Military	&amp;	Vets.	He	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!							
working	frantically	to	find	their	“source.”	Look	hard	because	it	doesn’t	exist.	Whatever	was	left	of	CNN’s	credibility	is	now	gone!																																	
going	to	Evansville	Indiana	tonight	for	a	big	crowd	rally	with	Mike	Braun	a	very	successful	businessman	who	is	campaigning	to	be	Indiana’s	next	U.S.	Senator.	He	is	strong	on	Crime	&amp;	Borders	the	2nd	Amendment	and	loves	our	Military	&amp;	Vets.	Will	be	a	big	night!							
very	excited	about	the	person	who	will	be	taking	the	place	of	Don	McGahn	as	White	House	Counsel!	I	liked	Don	but	he	was	NOT	responsible	for	me	not	firing	Bob	Mueller	or	Jeff	Sessions.	So	much	Fake	Reporting	and	Fake	News!												
Russia	Witch	Hunt	did	not	come	into	play	even	a	little	bit	with	respect	to	my	decision	on	Don	McGahn!																																		
Ohr	Bruce	Ohr’s	wife	is	a	Russia	expert	who	is	fluent	in	Russian.	She	worked	for	Fusion	GPS	where	she	was	paid	a	lot.	Collusion!	Bruce	was	a	boss	at	the	Department	of	Justice	and	is	unbelievably	still	there!															
very	excited	about	the	person	who	will	be	taking	the	place	of	Don	McGahn	as	White	House	Councel!	I	liked	Don	but	he	was	NOT	responsible	for	me	not	firing	Bob	Mueller	or	Jeff	Sessions.	So	much	Fake	Reporting	and	Fake	News!												
thing	James	Comey	ever	got	right	was	when	he	said	that	President	Trump	was	not	under	investigation!																																					
&amp;	Jared	Kushner	had	NOTHING	to	do	with	the	so	called	“pushing	out”	of	Don	McGahn.The	Fake	News	Media	has	it	purposelyso	wrong!	They	love	to	portray	chaos	in	the	White	House	when	they	know	that	chaos	doesn’t	exist-just	a	“smooth	running	machine”	with	changing	parts!								
from	the	Financial	Markets	is	even	better	than	anticipated.	For	all	of	you	that	have	made	a	fortune	in	the	markets	or	seen	your	401k’s	rise	beyond	your	wildest	expectations	more	good	news	is	coming!																			
cannot	state	strongly	enough	how	totally	dishonest	much	of	the	Media	is.	Truth	doesn’t	matter	to	them	they	only	have	their	hatred	&amp;	agenda.	This	includes	fake	books	which	come	out	about	me	all	the	time	always	anonymous	sources	and	are	pure	fiction.	Enemy	of	the	People!							
on	at	@CNN	is	happening	to	different	degrees	at	other	networks	-	with	@NBCNews	being	the	worst.	The	good	news	is	that	Andy	Lack(y)	is	about	to	be	fired(?)	for	incompetence	and	much	worse.	When	Lester	Holt	got	caught	fudging	my	tape	on	Russia	they	were	hurt	badly!						
and	extreme	bias	of	me	by	@CNN	has	clouded	their	thinking	and	made	them	unable	to	function.	But	actually	as	I	have	always	said	this	has	been	going	on	for	a	long	time.	Little	Jeff	Z	has	done	a	terrible	job	his	ratings	suck	&amp;	AT&amp;T	should	fire	him	to	save	credibility!		
West	Says	Trump	Wants	to	Be	the	‘Greatest	President’	for	Black	Americans	https://t.co/ECxTzVNZeG	via	@BreitbartNews																																							
the	FISA	court.	He	should	direct	the	Presiding	Judge	Rosemary	Collier	to	hold	a	hearing	haul	all	of	these	people	from	the	DOJ	&amp;	FBI	in	there	&amp;	if	she	finds	there	were	crimes	committed	and	there	were	there	should	be	a	criminal	referral	by	her....”	@GreggJarrett							
the	FBI	it	(the	Fake	Dossier)	wasn’t	TRUE	it	was	a	lie	and	the	FBI	was	determined	to	use	it	anyway	to	damage	Trump	and	to	perpetrate	a	fraud	on	the	court	to	spy	on	the	Trump	campaign.	This	is	a	fraud	on	the	court.	The	Chief	Justice	of	the	U.S.	Supreme	Court	is
admits	being	anonymous	source	in	CNN	Report.”	@BretBaier		Oh	well	so	much	for	CNN	saying	it	wasn’t	Lanny.	No	wonder	their	ratings	are	so	low	it’s	FAKE	NEWS!																									
being	torn	apart	from	within	based	on	their	being	caught	in	a	major	lie	and	refusing	to	admit	the	mistake.	Sloppy	@carlbernstein	a	man	who	lives	in	the	past	and	thinks	like	a	degenerate	fool	making	up	story	after	story	is	being	laughed	at	all	over	the	country!	Fake	News				
on	joint	U.S.-South	Korea	war	games.	Besides	the	President	can	instantly	start	the	joint	exercises	again	with	South	Korea	and	Japan	if	he	so	chooses.	If	he	does	they	will	be	far	bigger	than	ever	before.	As	for	the	U.S.–China	trade	disputes	and	other...										
will	be	resolved	in	time	by	President	Trump	and	China’s	great	President	Xi	Jinping.	Their	relationship	and	bond	remain	very	strong.																																	
including	money	fuel	fertilizer	and	various	other	commodities.	This	is	not	helpful!	Nonetheless	the	President	believes	that	his	relationship	with	Kim	Jong	Un	is	a	very	good	and	warm	one	and	there	is	no	reason	at	this	time	to	be	spending	large	amounts...											
THE	WHITE	HOUSEPresident	Donald	J.	Trump	feels	strongly	that	North	Korea	is	under	tremendous	pressure	from	China	because	of	our	major	trade	disputes	with	the	Chinese	Government.	At	the	same	time	we	also	know	that	China	is	providing	North	Korea	with...													
																																																					
hell	is	Bruce	Ohr	still	employed	at	the	Justice	Department?	Disgraceful!		Witch	Hunt!																																								
Index	just	out	is	the	HIGHEST	IN	18	YEARS!	Also	GDP	revised	upward	to	4.2	from	4.1.	Our	country	is	doing	great!																																
Counsel	Don	McGahn	will	be	leaving	his	position	in	the	fall	shortly	after	the	confirmation	(hopefully)	of	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh	to	the	United	States	Supreme	Court.	I	have	worked	with	Don	for	a	long	time	and	truly	appreciate	his	service!														
is	an	extraordinary	woman.	She	was	a	very	talented	fighter	jet	pilot	and	is	now	a	highly	respected	member	of	Congress.	She	is	Strong	on	Crime	the	Border	and	our		under	siege	2nd	Amendment.	Loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets.	Has	my	total	and	complete	Endorsement!							
see	“anonymous	source”	stop	reading	the	story	it	is	fiction!																																												
are	really	starting	to	BURN	the	media.”	@FoxNews	The	fact	is	that	many	anonymous	sources	don’t	even	exist.	They	are	fiction	made	up	by	the	Fake	News	reporters.	Look	at	the	lie	that	Fake	CNN	is	now	in.	They	got	caught	red	handed!	Enemy	of	the	People!							
Wins	last	night!	The	Republican	Party	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	Actually	it	is	happening	faster	than	anybody	thought	possible!	It	is	morphing	into	KEEP	AMERICA	GREAT!																											
and	the	DNC	paid	for	information	from	the	Russian	government	to	use	against	her	government	-	there’s	no	doubt	about	that!”	@TuckerCarlson																																
people	did	something	that’s	never	been	done...They	spied	on	a	rival	presidential	campaign.	Would	it	be	OK	if	Trump	did	it	next?	I	am	losing	faith	that	our	system	is	on	the	level.	I’m	beginning	to	think	it	is	rotten	&amp;	corrupt.	Scary	stuff	Obama	did.”	@TuckerCarlson		DOJ					
did	Congressman	Ron	DeSantis	easily	win	the	Republican	Primary	but	his	opponent	in	November	is	his	biggest	dream....a	failed	Socialist	Mayor	named	Andrew	Gillum	who	has	allowed	crime	&amp;	many	other	problems	to	flourish	in	his	city.	This	is	not	what	Florida	wants	or	needs!									
running	in	the	Arizona	Primary	for	U.S.	Senate	was	endorsed	by	rejected	Senator	Jeff	Flake....and	turned	it	down	-	a	first!	Now	Martha	a	great	U.S.	Military	fighter	jet	pilot	and	highly	respected	member	of	Congress	WINS	BIG.	Congratulations	and	on	to	November!											
Emails	many	of	which	are	Classified	Information	got	hacked	by	China.	Next	move	better	be	by	the	FBI	&amp;	DOJ	or	after	all	of	their	other	missteps	(Comey	McCabe	Strzok	Page	Ohr	FISA	Dirty	Dossier	etc.)	their	credibility	will	be	forever	gone!												
-	A	majority	of	Americans	think	that	John	Brennan	and	James	Comey	should	have	their	Security	Clearances	Revoked.	Not	surprised!	@FoxNews																																	
Trade	Deal	with	Mexico	focuses	on	FARMERS	GROWTH	for	our	country	tearing	down	TRADE	BARRIERS	JOBS	and	having	companies	continue	to	POUR	BACK	INTO	OUR	COUNTRY.	It	will	be	a	big	hit!																						
2026	World	Cup	to	our	long	list	of	accomplishments!																																													
out:	“China	hacked	Hillary	Clinton’s	private	Email	Server.”	Are	they	sure	it	wasn’t	Russia	(just	kidding!)?	What	are	the	odds	that	the	FBI	and	DOJ	are	right	on	top	of	this?	Actually	a	very	big	story.	Much	classified	information!															
Governor	Rick	Scott	of	Florida	on	his	conclusive	Republican	Primary	Win.	He	will	be	a	great	Senator!																																					
fantastic	win	for	Ron	DeSantis	and	the	people	of	the	Great	State	of	Florida.	Ron	will	be	a	fantastic	Governor.	On	to	November!																															
																																																					
pops	in	August	to	highest	level	since	October	2000”	https://t.co/1Gg5IOtbNa																																												
“Trump	News”	are	from	National	Left-Wing	Media	very	dangerous.	Google	&amp;	others	are	suppressing	voices	of	Conservatives	and	hiding	information	and	news	that	is	good.	They	are	controlling	what	we	can	&amp;	cannot	see.	This	is	a	very	serious	situation-will	be	addressed!												
results	for	“Trump	News”	shows	only	the	viewing/reporting	of	Fake	News	Media.	In	other	words	they	have	it	RIGGED	for	me	&amp;	others	so	that	almost	all	stories	&amp;	news	is	BAD.	Fake	CNN	is	prominent.	Republican/Conservative	&amp;	Fair	Media	is	shut	out.	Illegal?	96%	of....								
at	Senators	and	others	talking	about	how	good	free	trade	is	for	the	U.S.	What	they	don’t	say	is	that	we	lose	Jobs	and	over	800	Billion	Dollars	a	year	on	really	dumb	Trade	Deals....and	these	same	countries	Tariff	us	to	death.	These	lawmakers	are	just	fine	with	this!					
just	gone	above	8000	for	the	first	time	in	history!																																												
has	done	more	for	minority	groups	in	this	country	than	any	president	in	decades.”		@LouDobbs																																						
“Trump	News”	are	from	National	Left-Wing	Media	very	dangerous.	Google	&amp;	others	are	suppressing	voices	of	Conservatives	and	hiding	information	and	news	that	is	good.	They	are	controlling	what	we	can	&amp;	cannot	see.	This	is	a	very	serious	situation-will	be	addressed!												
results	for	“Trump	News”	shows	only	the	viewing/reporting	of	Fake	New	Media.	In	other	words	they	have	it	RIGGED	for	me	&amp;	others	so	that	almost	all	stories	&amp;	news	is	BAD.	Fake	CNN	is	prominent.	Republican/Conservative	&amp;	Fair	Media		is	shut	out.	Illegal?		96%	of...						
RON!	https://t.co/80NShvQ73u																																																				
and	I	were	honored	to	welcome	the	President	of	the	Republic	of	Kenya	@UKenyatta	and	Mrs.	Margaret	Kenyatta	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today!	https://t.co/ZU5MovNKt8																															
Trade	Agreement:	https://t.co/E1AzveYPli	https://t.co/ZYbHt1pD8a																																																		
Ducey	of	Arizona	is	doing	a	great	job.	It	would	be	really	nice	to	show	your	support	tomorrow	by	voting	for	him	in	Tuesdays	Primary.	Doug	is	strong	on	Crime	the	Border	and	our	Second	Amendment.	Loves	our	Military	&amp;	our	Vets.	He	has	my	full	and	complete	Endorsement.					
DeSantis	is	a	special	person	who	has	done	an	incredible	job.	He	is	running	in	Tuesdays	Primary	for	Governor	of	Florida….Strong	on	Crime	Borders	and	wants	Low	Taxes.	He	will	be	a	great	Governor	and	has	my	full	and	total	Endorsement!													
of	Florida	is	doing	a	fantastic	job	as	Governor.	Jobs	are	pouring	into	the	State	and	its	economic	health	is	better	than	ever	before.	He	is	strong	on	Crime	Borders	and	loves	our	Military	and	Vets.	Vote	for	Rick	on	Tuesday!													
deal	looking	good	with	Mexico!																																																	
News	Media	worked	hard	to	get	Tiger	Woods	to	say	something	that	he	didn’t	want	to	say.	Tiger	wouldn’t	play	the	game	-	he	is	very	smart.	More	importantly	he	is	playing	great	golf	again!																			
to	the	great	@JimBrownNFL32	perhaps	the	greatest	running	back	of	all	time	for	your	wonderful	words	and	support.	Since	our	meeting	in	New	York	African-American	UNEMPLOYMENT	has	reached	the	LOWEST	LEVEL	IN	HISTORY.	You	get	it!																		
approval	rating	for	your	all	time	favorite	(I	hope)	President	within	the	Republican	Party	and	52%	overall.	This	despite	all	of	the	made	up	stories	by	the	Fake	News	Media	trying	endlessly	to	make	me	look	as	bad	and	evil	as	possible.	Look	at	the	real	villains	please!						
tries	to	rewrite	history	to	credit	Obama	for	Trump	accomplishments.	Since	President	Trump	took	office	the	economy	is	booming.	The	stronger	the	economy	gets	the	more	desperate	his	critics	are.	O	had	weakest	recovery	since	Great	Depression.”	@WashTimes																
on	consumer	spending	released	on	Friday.	Stock	Market	hits	all	time	high!																																										
will	get	as	I	have	always	said	much	better	from	even	here!	https://t.co/El26RzBjpG																																									
sympathies	and	respect	go	out	to	the	family	of	Senator	John	McCain.	Our	hearts	and	prayers	are	with	you!																																			
hit	all	time	high	on	Friday.	Congratulations	U.S.A.!																																														
with	Mexico	is	getting	closer	by	the	hour.	Some	really	good	people	within	both	the	new	and	old	government	and	all	working	closely	together....A	big	Trade	Agreement	with	Mexico	could	be	happening	soon!																					
looked	at	less	than	1%”	of	Crooked’s	Emails!																																														
only	looked	at	3000	of	675000	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	Emails.”	They	purposely	didn’t	look	at	the	disasters.	This	news	is	just	out.	@FoxNews																															
out	that	the	FBI	ignored	tens	of	thousands	of	Crooked	Hillary	Emails	many	of	which	are	REALLY	BAD.	Also	gave	FALSE	election	info.	I	feel	sure	that	we	will	soon	be	getting	to	the	bottom	of	all	of	this	corruption.	At	some	point	I	may	have	to	get	involved!					
“Every	President	deserves	an	Attorney	General	they	have	confidence	in.	I	believe	every	President	has	a	right	to	their	Cabinet	these	are	not	lifetime	appointments.	You	serve	at	the	pleasure	of	the	President.”																					
said	he	wouldn’t	allow	politics	to	influence	him	only	because	he	doesn’t	understand	what	is	happening	underneath	his	command	position.	Highly	conflicted	Bob	Mueller	and	his	gang	of	17	Angry	Dems	are	having	a	field	day	as	real	corruption	goes	untouched.	No	Collusion!											
attorney	clarified	the	record	saying	his	client	does	not	know	if	President	Trump	knew	about	the	Trump	Tower	meeting	(out	of	which	came	nothing!).	The	answer	is	that	I	did	NOT	know	about	the	meeting.	Just	another	phony	story	by	the	Fake	News	Media!										
Vince	you	are	truly	one	of	the	greats!	https://t.co/b8zV5MfojY																																													
in	Ohio	tonight!	Together	we	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/ALU1PHEsvh																																											
see	the	Senate	working	on	solutions	to	end	the	secrecy	around	ridiculously	high	drug	prices	something	I	called	for	in	my	drug	pricing	Blueprint.	Will	now	work	with	the	House	to	help	American	patients!	#AmericanPatientsFirst																			
new	Australian	Prime	Minister	Scott	Morrison.	There	are	no	greater	friends	than	the	United	States	and	Australia!																																					
with	Governor	David	Ige	of	Hawaii	today	to	express	our	full	support	for	the	people	of	Hawaii	as	the	State	is	impacted	by	#HurricaneLane.	The	Federal	Government	is	fully	committed	to	helping	the	people	of	Hawaii.	https://t.co/P35yAAovIk																	
I	love	you	Ohio!	https://t.co/RQ9Gj0SETz																																																	
looks	forward	to	going	to	North	Korea	in	the	near	future	most	likely	after	our	Trading	relationship	with	China	is	resolved.	In	the	meantime	I	would	like	to	send	my	warmest	regards	and	respect	to	Chairman	Kim.	I	look	forward	to	seeing	him	soon!										
of	our	much	tougher	Trading	stance	with	China	I	do	not	believe	they	are	helping	with	the	process	of	denuclearization	as	they	once	were	(despite	the	UN	Sanctions	which	are	in	place)...																						
asked	Secretary	of	State	Mike	Pompeo	not	to	go	to	North	Korea	at	this	time	because	I	feel	we	are	not	making	sufficient	progress	with	respect	to	the	denuclearization	of	the	Korean	Peninsula...																					
																																																					
Giants	are	silencing	millions	of	people.	Can’t	do	this	even	if	it	means	we	must	continue	to	hear	Fake	News	like	CNN	whose	ratings	have	suffered	gravely.	People	have	to	figure	out	what	is	real	and	what	is	not	without	censorship!													
to	spend	63	months	in	jail	over	“classified”	information.	Gee	this	is	“small	potatoes”	compared	to	what	Hillary	Clinton	did!	So	unfair	Jeff	Double	Standard.																													
Christopher	Steele	&amp;	his	phony	and	corrupt	Dossier	the	Clinton	Foundation	illegal	surveillance	of	Trump	Campaign	Russian	collusion	by	Dems	-	and	so	much	more.	Open	up	the	papers	&amp;	documents	without	redaction?	Come	on	Jeff	you	can	do	it	the	country	is	waiting!										
Justice	will	not	be	improperly	influenced	by	political	considerations.”	Jeff	this	is	GREAT	what	everyone	wants	so	look	into	all	of	the	corruption	on	the	“other	side”	including	deleted	Emails	Comey	lies	&amp;	leaks	Mueller	conflicts	McCabe	Strzok	Page	Ohr......														
is	setting	records	on	virtually	every	front	-	Probably	the	best	our	country	has	ever	done.	Tremendous	value	created	since	the	Election.	The	World	is	respecting	us	again!	Companies	are	moving	back	to	the	U.S.A.																			
raves	about	the	Economy.	“This	is	the	best	consumer	environment	I’ve	seen	in	my	career.”	A	big	statement	from	a	top	executive.	But	virtually	everybody	is	saying	this	&amp;	when	our	Trade	Deals	are	made	&amp;	cost	cutting	done	you	haven’t	seen	anything	yet!		@DRUDGE_REPORT								
to	Polls	would	do	even	better	today!	https://t.co/NAzQOIFW6o																																														
voted	for	our	Agenda	in	the	Senate	100%	of	the	time	and	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement.	We	need	Cindy	to	win	in	Mississippi!																													
helped	me	put	America	First!	She’s	strong	on	the	Wall	is	helping	me	create	Jobs	loves	our	Vets	and	fights	for	our	conservative	judges...																														
authorized	an	emergency	disaster	declaration	to	provide	Hawaii	the	necessary	support	ahead	of	#HurricaneLane.	Our	teams	are	closely	coordinating	with	the	state	and	local	authorities.	You	are	in	our	thoughts!	https://t.co/lrhwbdUavj																							
my	great	honor	to	host	the	Foreign	Investment	Risk	Review	Modernization	Act	Roundtable	today	at	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/TjtI7ddtZM																																				
																																																					
																																																					
																																																					
-	RIGGED	WITCH	HUNT!																																																		
asked	Secretary	of	State	@SecPompeo	to	closely	study	the	South	Africa	land	and	farm	seizures	and	expropriations	and	the	large	scale	killing	of	farmers.	“South	African	Government	is	now	seizing	land	from	white	farmers.”	@TuckerCarlson	@FoxNews																		
asked	Secretary	of	State	@MikePompeo4USA	to	closely	study	the	South	Africa	land	and	farm	seizures	and	expropriations	and	the	large	scale	killing	of	farmers.	“South	African	Government	is	now	seizing	land	from	white	farmers.”	@TuckerCarlson		@FoxNews																	
thing	that	I	have	done	wrong	is	to	win	an	election	that	was	expected	to	be	won	by	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	and	the	Democrats.	The	problem	is	they	forgot	to	campaign	in	numerous	states!																				
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	by	@ainsleyearhardt	tomorrow	from	6:00	A.M.	to	9:00	A.M.		Enjoy!																																							
																																																					
																																																					
run	in	the	history	of	the	stock	market	congratulations	America!																																												
																																																					
																																																					
the	path	of	#HurricaneLane	please	prepare	yourselves	heed	the	advice	of	State	and	local	officials	and	follow	@NWSHonolulu	for	updates.	Be	safe!	https://t.co/kCwtL8UxNI																															
to	Democrat	Assemblyman	Dov	Hikind	of	New	York	for	your	very	gracious	remarks	on	@foxandfriends	for	our	deporting	a	longtime	resident	Nazi	back	to	Germany!	Others	worked	on	this	for	decades.																							
plead	guilty	to	two	counts	of	campaign	finance	violations	that	are	not	a	crime.	President	Obama	had	a	big	campaign	finance	violation	and	it	was	easily	settled!																											
number	of	counts	ten	could	not	even	be	decided	in	the	Paul	Manafort	case.	Witch	Hunt!																																						
very	badly	for	Paul	Manafort	and	his	wonderful	family.	“Justice”	took	a	12	year	old	tax	case	among	other	things	applied	tremendous	pressure	on	him	and	unlike	Michael	Cohen	he	refused	to	“break”	-	make	up	stories	in	order	to	get	a	“deal.”	Such	respect	for	a	brave	man!					
is	looking	for	a	good	lawyer	I	would	strongly	suggest	that	you	don’t	retain	the	services	of	Michael	Cohen!																																			
West	Virginia.	I	love	you!	https://t.co/K1OQ98wOh4																																																
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/gZqP81bclE																																																			
in	West	Virginia.	Big	crowd	looking	forward	to	seeing	everyone	soon!	#MAGA																																										
tonight	at	the	Charleston	Civic	Center	in	West	Virginia	at	7:00pmE!	Tickets:	https://t.co/OX8gGhdmg9																																									
incredible	people	of	the	Great	State	of	Wyoming:	Go	VOTE	TODAY	for	Foster	Friess	-	He	will	be	a	fantastic	Governor!	Strong	on	Crime	Borders	&amp;	2nd	Amendment.	Loves	our	Military	&amp;	our	Vets.	He	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!													
the	high	taxing	Mayor	of	NYC	just	stole	my	campaign	slogan:	PROMISES	MADE		PROMISES	KEPT!	That’s	not	at	all	nice.	No	imagination!	@foxandfriends																														
tonight	in	West	Virginia.	Patrick	Morrisey	is	running	a	GREAT	race	for	U.S.	Senate.	I	have	done	so	much	for	West	Virginia	against	all	odds	and	having	Patrick	a	real	fighter	by	my	side	would	make	things	so	much	easier.	See	you	later.	CLEAN	COAL!!!!									
sorry	to	have	to	reiterate	that	there	are	serious	and	unpleasant	consequences	to	crossing	the	Border	into	the	United	States	ILLEGALLY!	If	there	were	no	serious	consequences	our	country	would	be	overrun	with	people	trying	to	get	in	and	our	system	could	not	handle	it!									
of	which	there	is	soooo	much	(this	time	the	very	tired	New	Yorker)	falsely	reported	that	I	was	going	to	take	the	extraordinary	step	of	denying	Intelligence	Briefings	to	President	Obama.	Never	discussed	or	thought	of!																		
Clapper	has	admonished	John	Brennan	for	having	gone	totally	off	the	rails.	Maybe	Clapper	is	being	nice	to	me	so	he	doesn’t	lose	his	Security	Clearance	for	lying	to	Congress!																								
Wave	means	Crime	and	Open	Borders.	A	Red	Wave	means	Safety	and	Strength!																																									
hearing	so	many	great	things	about	the	Republican	Party’s	California	Gubernatorial	Candidate	John	Cox.	He	is	a	very	successful	businessman	who	is	tired	of	high	Taxes	&amp;	Crime.	He	will	Make	California	Great	Again	&amp;		make	you	proud	of	your	Great	State	again.	Total	Endorsement!								
going	to	the	Great	State	of	West	Virginia	on	Tuesday	Night	to	campaign	&amp;	do	a	Rally	Speech	for	a	hard	working	and	spectacular	person	A.G.	Patrick	Morrisey	who	is	running	for	the	U.S.	Senate.	Patrick	has	great	Energy	&amp;	Stamina-I	need	his	VOTE	to	MAGA.	Total	Endorsement!						
former	Intelligence	Official	Phillip	Mudd	become	totally	unglued	and	weird	while	debating	wonderful	@PARISDENNARD	over	Brennan’s	Security	Clearance.	Dennard	destroyed	him	but	Mudd	is	in	no	mental	condition	to	have	such	a	Clearance.	Should	be	REVOKED?	@seanhannity																	
an	extraordinary	woman	of	great	accomplishment	&amp;	potential.	She	is	running	as	a	very	popular	Republican	for	the	Congressional	seat	of	my	friend	Darrell	Issa-with	his	complete	support.	Diane	is	strong	on	crime	loves	our	Military	&amp;	Vets-has	my	total	Endorsement!													
																																																					
outrageous	that	Poisonous	Synthetic	Heroin	Fentanyl	comes	pouring	into	the	U.S.	Postal	System	from	China.	We	can	and	must	END	THIS	NOW!	The	Senate	should	pass	the	STOP	ACT	–	and	firmly	STOP	this	poison	from	killing	our	children	and	destroying	our	country.	No	more	delay!								
is	at	the	center	of	FALSE	ALLEGATIONS	which	led	to	a	multi-million	dollar	investigation	into	what	apparently	didn’t	happen.”	Darrell	Issa	House	Oversight.	We	can	take	out	the	word	“apparently.”		@FoxNews																						
Ohr	whose	family	received	big	money	for	helping	to	create	the	phony	dirty	and	discredited	Dossier	ever	be	fired	from	the	Jeff	Sessions		“Justice”	Department?	A	total	joke!																									
to	keep	their	Security	Clearance	it’s	worth	great	prestige	and	big	dollars	even	board	seats	and	that	is	why	certain	people	are	coming	forward	to	protect	Brennan.	It	certainly	isn’t	because	of	the	good	job	he	did!	He	is	a	political	“hack.”												
John	Brennan	the	worst	CIA	Director	in	our	country’s	history	brings	a	lawsuit.	It	will	then	be	very	easy	to	get	all	of	his	records	texts	emails	and	documents	to	show	not	only	the	poor	job	he	did	but	how	he	was	involved	with	the	Mueller	Rigged	Witch	Hunt.	He	won’t	sue!		
Collusion?	They	made	up	a	phony	crime	called	Collusion	and	when	there	was	no	Collusion	they	say	there	was	Obstruction	(of	a	phony	crime	that	never	existed).	If	you	FIGHT	BACK	or	say	anything	bad	about	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	they	scream	Obstruction!											
trouble.	They	are	enjoying	ruining	people’s	lives	and	REFUSE	to	look	at	the	real	corruption	on	the	Democrat	side	-	the	lies	the	firings	the	deleted	Emails	and	soooo	much	more!	Mueller’s	Angry	Dems	are	looking	to	impact	the	election.	They	are	a	National	Disgrace!									
discredited	Bob	Mueller	and	his	whole	group	of	Angry	Democrat	Thugs	spent	over	30	hours	with	the	White	House	Councel	only	with	my	approval	for	purposes	of	transparency.	Anybody	needing	that	much	time	when	they	know	there	is	no	Russian	Collusion	is	just	someone....										
late	Joseph	McCarthy	because	we	are	now	in	period	with	Mueller	and	his	gang	that	make	Joseph	McCarthy	look	like	a	baby!	Rigged	Witch	Hunt!																													
of	the	media	are	very	Angry	at	the	Fake	Story	in	the	New	York	Times.	They	actually	called	to	complain	and	apologize	-	a	big	step	forward.	From	the	day	I	announced	the	Times	has	been	Fake	News	and	with	their	disgusting	new	Board	Member	it	will	only	get	worse!				
New	York	Times	wrote	a	story	that	made	it	seem	like	the	White	House	Councel	had	TURNED	on	the	President	when	in	fact	it	is	just	the	opposite	-	&amp;	the	two	Fake	reporters	knew	this.	This	is	why	the	Fake	News	Media	has	become	the	Enemy	of	the	People.	So	bad	for	America!
and	No	Obstruction	except	by	Crooked	Hillary	and	the	Democrats.	All	of	the	resignations	and	corruption	yet	heavily	conflicted	Bob	Mueller	refuses	to	even	look	in	that	direction.	What	about	the	Brennan	Comey	McCabe	Strzok	lies	to	Congress	or	Crooked’s	Emails!													
demanded	transparency	so	that	this	Rigged	and	Disgusting	Witch	Hunt	can	come	to	a	close.	So	many	lives	have	been	ruined	over	nothing	-	McCarthyism	at	its	WORST!	Yet	Mueller	&amp;	his	gang	of	Dems	refuse	to	look	at	the	real	crimes	on	the	other	side	-	Media	is	even	worse!			
@nytimes	wrote	a	Fake	piece	today	implying	that	because	White	House	Councel	Don	McGahn	was	giving	hours	of	testimony	to	the	Special	Councel	he	must	be	a	John	Dean	type	“RAT.”	But	I	allowed	him	and	all	others	to	testify	-	I	didn’t	have	to.	I	have	nothing	to	hide......				
White	House	Counsel	Don	McGahn	and	all	other	requested	members	of	the	White	House	Staff	to	fully	cooperate	with	the	Special	Counsel.	In	addition	we	readily	gave	over	one	million	pages	of	documents.	Most	transparent	in	history.	No	Collusion	No	Obstruction.	Witch	Hunt!											
White	House	Counsel	Don	McGahn	and	all	other	requested	members	of	the	White	House	Staff	to	fully	cooperate	with	the	Special	Councel.	In	addition	we	readily	gave	over	one	million	pages	of	documents.	Most	transparent	in	history.	No	Collusion	No	Obstruction.	Witch	Hunt!											
States	has	ended	the	ridiculous	230	Million	Dollar	yearly	development	payment	to	Syria.	Saudi	Arabia	and	other	rich	countries	in	the	Middle	East	will	start	making	payments	instead	of	the	U.S.	I	want	to	develop	the	U.S.	our	military	and	countries	that	help	us!										
																																																					
is	stronger	and	better	than	ever	before.	Importantly	there	remains	tremendous	potential	-	it	will	only	get	better	with	time!																																		
	Rachel	Campos-Duffy	on	@foxandfriends.																																																	
looked	at	the	mistakes	that	John	Brennan	made	while	serving	as	CIA	Director?	He	will	go	down	as	easily	the	WORST	in	history	&amp;	since	getting	out	he	has	become	nothing	less	than	a	loudmouth	partisan	political	hack	who	cannot	be	trusted	with	the	secrets	to	our	country!						
																																																					
the	fools	that	are	so	focused	on	looking	only	at	Russia	should	start	also	looking	in	another	direction	China.	But	in	the	end	if	we	are	smart	tough	and	well	prepared	we	will	get	along	with	everyone!																	
voices	are	being	destroyed	some	good	&amp;	some	bad	and	that	cannot	be	allowed	to	happen.	Who	is	making	the	choices	because	I	can	already	tell	you	that	too	many	mistakes	are	being	made.	Let	everybody	participate	good	&amp;	bad	and	we	will	all	just	have	to	figure	it	out!				
a	very	dangerous	thing	&amp;	absolutely	impossible	to	police.	If	you	are	weeding	out	Fake	News	there	is	nothing	so	Fake	as	CNN	&amp;	MSNBC	&amp;	yet	I	do	not	ask	that	their	sick	behavior	be	removed.	I	get	used	to	it	and	watch	with	a	grain	of	salt	or	don’t	watch	at	all..
is	totally	discriminating	against	Republican/Conservative	voices.	Speaking	loudly	and	clearly	for	the	Trump	Administration	we	won’t	let	that	happen.	They	are	closing	down	the	opinions	of	many	people	on	the	RIGHT	while	at	the	same	time	doing	nothing	to	others.......														
is	a	Federal	Gratuity	Statute	Violation	Bribery	Statute	Violation	Honest	Services	Violation....all	Major	Crimes....because	the	DOJ	is	run	by	BLANK	Jeff	Sessions......”		Gregg	Jarrett.		So	when	does	Mueller	do	what	must	be	done?	Probably	never!	@FoxNews																
of	DOJ	is	in	legal	jeopardy	it’s	astonishing	that	he’s	still	employed.	Bruce	&amp;	Nelly	Ohr’s	bank	account	is	getting	fatter	&amp;	fatter	because	of	the	Dossier	that	they	are	both	peddling.	He	doesn’t	disclose	it	under	Fed	Regs.	Using	your	Federal	office	for	personal.......									
of	DOJ	is	in	legal	jeopardy	it’s	astonishingthat	he’s	still	employed.	Bruce	&amp;	Nelly	Ohr’s	bank	account	is	getting	fatter	&amp;	fatter	because	of	the	Dossier	that	they	are	both	peddling.	He	doesn’t	disclose	it	under	Fed	Regs.	Using	your	Federal	office	for	personal.......										
has	learned	that	Bruce	Ohr	wrote	Christopher	Steele	following	the	firing	of	James	Comey	saying	that	he	was	afraid	the	anti-Trump	Russia	probe	will	be	exposed.”		Charles	Payne		@FoxBusiness			How	much	more	does	Mueller	have	to	see?	They	have	blinders	on	-	RIGGED!							
																																																					
Andrew’s	was	a	bigger	and	more	incompetent	blunder.	He	should	easily	win	his	race	against	a	Super	Liberal	Actress	but	his	political	career	is	over!																													
worse	Hightax	Andrew	Cuomo's	statement	“WE’RE	NOT	GOING	TO	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	IT	WAS	NEVER	THAT	GREAT”	or	Hillary	Clinton’s	“DEPLORABLES”	statement...																															
politician	admits	that	“We’re	not	going	to	make	America	great	again”	there	doesn’t	seem	to	be	much	reason	to	ever	vote	for	him.	This	could	be	a	career	threatening	statement	by	Andrew	Cuomo	with	many	wanting	him	to	resign-he	will	get	higher	ratings	than	his	brother	Chris!							
pushback	on	Governor	Andrew	Cuomo	of	New	York	for	his	really	dumb	statement	about	America’s	lack	of	greatness.	I	have	already	MADE	America	Great	Again	just	look	at	the	markets	jobs	military-	setting	records	and	we	will	do	even	better.	Andrew	“choked”	badly	mistake!										
pushback	on	Governor	Andrew	Cuomo	of	New	York	for	his	really	dumb	statement	about	America’s	lack	of	greatness.	I	have	already	MADE	America	Great	Again	just	look	at	the	markets	jobs	military-	setting	records	and	we	will	do	even	better.	Andrew	“chocked”	badly	mistake!										
has	more	than	double	the	growth	rate	than	it	had	18	months	ago.																																									
youth	unemployment	is	at	a	50	year	low!		@foxandfriends																																												
big	parade	already	scheduled	at	Andrews	Air	Force	Base	on	a	different	date	&amp;	go	to	the	Paris	parade	celebrating	the	end	of	the	War	on	November	11th.	Maybe	we	will	do	something	next	year	in	D.C.	when	the	cost	comes	WAY	DOWN.	Now	we	can	buy	some	more	jet	fighters!			
politicians	who	run	Washington	D.C.	(poorly)	know	a	windfall	when	they	see	it.	When	asked	to	give	us	a	price	for	holding	a	great	celebratory	military	parade	they	wanted	a	number	so	ridiculously	high	that	I	cancelled	it.	Never	let	someone	hold	you	up!	I	will	instead...							
a	politician	Cuomo	known	for	pushing	people	and	businesses	out	of	his	state	not	to	mention	having	the	highest	taxes	in	the	U.S.	survive	making	the	statement	WE’RE	NOT	GOING	TO	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	IT	WAS	NEVER	THAT	GREAT?	Which	section	of	the	sentence	is	worse?							
with	some	of	the	world’s	top	business	leaders	I	asked	what	it	is	that	would	make	business	(jobs)	even	better	in	the	U.S.	“Stop	quarterly	reporting	&amp;	go	to	a	six	month	system”	said	one.	That	would	allow	greater	flexibility	&amp;	save	money.	I	have	asked	the	SEC	to	study!				
2017	If	his	statement	is	based	on	intelligence	he	has	seen	since	leaving	office	it	constitutes	an	intelligence	breach......”		Richard	Burr	(R-NC)	Senate	Intel	Cmte	Chair		@LouDobbs																									
recent	statements	purport	to	know	as	fact	that	the	Trump	campaign	colluded	with	a	foreign	power.	If	Director	Brennan’s	statement	is	based	on	intelligence	he	received	while	leading	the	CIA	why	didn’t	he	include	it	in	the	Intelligence	Community	Assessment......														
corrupt	FBI	&amp;	DOJ	trying	to	steer	the	outcome	of	a	Presidential	Election.	Brennan	has	gone	off	the	deep	end	he’s	disgraced	and	discredited	himself.	His	conduct	has	been	outrageous.”	Chris	Farrell	Judicial	Watch.																				
“Senator”	Richard	Blumenthal	who	went	around	for	twenty	years	as	a	Connecticut	politician	bragging	that	he	was	a	great	Marine	war	hero	in	Vietnam	(then	got	caught	and	sobbingly	admitted	he	was	neither	a	Marine	nor	ever	in	Vietnam)	pass	judgement	on	anyone?	Loser!										
of	John	Brennan:	“How	did	somebody	so	obviously	limited	intellectually	get	to	be	CIA	Director	in	the	first	place?”	Now	that	is	a	really	good	question!	Then	followed	by	“Richard	Blumenthal	of	Connecticut	is	a	FAKE	War	Hero...”	So	TRUE	a	total	Fake!											
about	Comey’s	firing	afraid	they	will	be	exposed”	said	Bruce	Ohr.	DOJ’s	Emails	&amp;	Notes	show	Bruce	Ohr’s	connection	to	(phony	&amp;	discredited)	Trump	Dossier.	A	creep	thinking	he	would	get	caught	in	a	dishonest	act.	Rigged	Witch	Hunt!															
shopped	the	document	to	multiple	media	outlets	he	also	asked	for	help	with	a	RUSSIAN	Oligarch.”		Catherine	Herridge	of	@FoxNews		@LouDobbs		In	other	words	they	were	colluding	with	Russia!																						
received	documents	from	Bruce	Ohr	(of	the	Justice	Department	&amp;	whose	wife	Nelly	worked	for	Fusion	GPS).”	Disgraced	and	fired	FBI	Agent	Peter	Strzok.	This	is	too	crazy	to	be	believed!	The	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	has	zero	credibility.																
taken	advantage	of	the	United	States	for	many	years.	They	are	now	holding	our	wonderful	Christian	Pastor	who	I	must	now	ask	to	represent	our	Country	as	a	great	patriot	hostage.	We	will	pay	nothing	for	the	release	of	an	innocent	man	but	we	are	cutting	back	on	Turkey!					
for	the	kind	words	Omarosa!	https://t.co/PMmNG6iIsi																																																
meeting	today	at	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/RwOhQF9SEv																																																
of	Soul	Aretha	Franklin	is	dead.	She	was	a	great	woman	with	a	wonderful	gift	from	God	her	voice.	She	will	be	missed!																															
nothing	that	I	would	want	more	for	our	Country	than	TRUE	FREEDOM	OF	THE	PRESS.	The	fact	is	that	the	Press	is	FREE	to	write	and	say	anything	it	wants	but	much	of	what	it	says	is	FAKE	NEWS	pushing	a	political	agenda	or	just	plain	trying	to	hurt	people.	HONESTY	WINS!		
Globe	which	was	sold	to	the	the	Failing	New	York	Times	for	1.3	BILLION	DOLLARS	(plus	800	million	dollars	in	losses	&amp;	investment)	or	2.1	BILLION	DOLLARS	was	then	sold	by	the	Times	for	1	DOLLAR.	Now	the	Globe	is	in	COLLUSION	with	other	papers	on	free	press.	PROVE	IT!				
NEWS	MEDIA	IS	THE	OPPOSITION	PARTY.	It	is	very	bad	for	our	Great	Country....BUT	WE	ARE	WINNING!																																					
is	doing	better	than	ever.	Money	is	pouring	into	our	cherished	DOLLAR	like	rarely	before	companies	earnings	are	higher	than	ever	inflation	is	low	&amp;	business	optimism	is	higher	than	it	has	ever	been.	For	the	first	time	in	many	decades	we	are	protecting	our	workers!								
the	whole	bunch	of	them.	They’re	all	corrupt.	They’ve	all	abused	their	power.	They’ve	all	betrayed	the	American	people	with	a	political	agenda.	They	tried	to	steal	and	influence	an	election	in	the	United	States.”	@seanhannity																		
“When	they	had	power	they	didn’t	stop	the	Russians	the	Chinese	the	North	Koreans	they	funded	the	Iranians	&amp;	are	responsible	for	the	greatest	scandal	in	American	history	by	interfering	with	our	election	&amp;	trying	to	undermine	the	Trump	Campaign	and	Trump	Presidency.”											
GOING	TO	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	IT	WAS	NEVER	THAT	GREAT.”	Can	you	believe	this	is	the	Governor	of	the	Highest	Taxed	State	in	the	U.S.	Andrew	Cuomo	having	a	total	meltdown!																						
GONG	TO	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	IT	WAS	NEVER	THAT	GREAT.”		Can	you	believe	this	is	the	Governor	of	the	Highest	Taxed	State	in	the	U.S.	Andrew	Cuomo	having	a	total	meltdown!																					
clearly	got	a	pass	by	the	FBI.	We	have	the	unfortunate	situation	where	they	then	decided	they	were	going	to	frame	Donald	Trump”	concerning	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt.	JOE	DIGENOVA	former	U.S.	Attorney.																					
is	a	stain	on	the	Country	we	deserve	better	than	this.”	Former	Secret	Service	Agent	and	author	of	new	book	“Spygate	the	Attempted	Sabotage	of	Donald	J.	Trump”	Dan	Bongino.	Thank	you	Dan	and	good	luck	with	the	book!															
I	agree!	https://t.co/KfoLkQU5Hv																																																			
was	built	on	Tariffs	and	Tariffs	are	now	leading	us	to	great	new	Trade	Deals	-	as	opposed	to	the	horrible	and	unfair	Trade	Deals	that	I	inherited	as	your	President.	Other	Countries	should	not	be	allowed	to	come	in	and	steal	the	wealth	of	our	great	U.S.A.	No	longer!				
to	the	leader	of	the	Democrat	Party	Maxine	Waters!																																													
(the	Strzok	firing)	was	a	decisive	step	in	the	right	direction	in	correcting	the	wrongs	committed	by	what	has	been	described	as	Comey’s	skinny	inner	circle.”		Chris	Swecker	former	FBI	Assistant	Director.																					
Russian	Witch	Hunt	goes	on	and	on	as	the	“originators	and	founders”	of	this	scam	continue	to	be	fired	and	demoted	for	their	corrupt	and	illegal	activity.	All	credibility	is	gone	from	this	terrible	Hoax	and	much	more	will	be	lost	as	it	proceeds.	No	Collusion!								
and	very	early	supporter	Kris	Kobach	won	the	Republican	Nomination	for	Governor	of	Kansas	last	night	in	a	tough	race	against	a	very	fine	opponent.	Kris	will	win	in	November	and	be	a	great	Governor.	He	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!												
about	time	that	Connecticut	had	a	real	and	talented	Governor.	Bob	Stefanowski	is	the	person	needed	to	do	the	job.	Tough	on	crime	Bob	is	also	a	big	cutter	of	Taxes.	He	will	win	in	November	and	make	a	Great	Governor	a	major	difference	maker.	Bob	has	my	total	Endorsement!				
big	last	night	in	Minnesota.	A	big	star	in	Hockey	he	will	be	an	even	bigger	star	in	politics.	It	all	begins	with	a	win	in	November.	Pete	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!																				
enter	the	United	States	without	our	permission	are	illegal	aliens	and	illegal	aliens	should	not	be	treated	the	same	as	people	who	entered	the	U.S.	legally.”	Chuck	Schumer	in	2009	before	he	went	left	and	haywire!		@foxandfriends																
Bryan	Steil	on	a	wonderful	win	last	night.	You	will	be	replacing	a	great	guy	in	Paul	Ryan	and	your	win	in	November	will	make	the	entire	State	of	Wisconsin	very	proud.	You	have	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!															
of	Minnesota	had	a	big	night	in	winning	the	Republican	nomination	for	Governor	against	a	very	strong	and	well	known	opponent!	Thanks	for	all	of	the	support	you	showed	me.	You	have	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement.	You	will	win	in	November!												
is	very	special	and	will	have	another	great	win	in	November.	He	has	done	a	fantastic	job	as	Governor	of	Wisconsin	and	will	always	have	my	full	support	and	Endorsement!																								
Bryan	Steil	on	a	wonderful	win	last	night.	Your	will	be	replacing	a	great	guy	in	Paul	Ryan	and	your	win	in	November	will	make	the	entire	State	of	Wisconsin	very	proud.	You	have	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!															
Leah	Vukmir	of	Wisconsin	on	your	great	win	last	night.	You	beat	a	very	tough	and	good	competitor	and	will	make	a	fantastic	Senator	after	winning	in	November	against	someone	who	has	done	very	little.	You	have	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!												
enter	the	United	States	without	our	permission	are	illegal	aliens	and	illegal	aliens	should	not	be	treated	the	same	as	people	who	enters	the	U.S.	legally.”		Chuck	Schumer	in	2009	before	he	went	left	and	haywire!		@foxandfriends															
election	results	last	night.	So	far	we	have	the	team	we	want.	8	for	9	in	Special	Elections.	Red	Wave!																																		
Change	in	an	Alabama	Coal	Mine”	https://t.co/IwLEO9ff9X																																															
“This	cannot	go	forward...this	Special	Counsel	with	all	of	his	conflicts	with	his	17	Angry	Democrats	without	any	evidence	of	collusion	by	the	Trump	Campaign	and	Russia.	The	Dems	are	the	ones	who	should	be	investigated.”	Thank	you	Lou	so	true!													
the	illegal	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	-	why	isn’t	this	so-called	“probe”	ended	immediately?	Why	aren’t	these	angry	and	conflicted	Democrats	instead	looking	at	Crooked	Hillary?																													
Agent	Peter	Strzok	is	a	fraud	as	is	the	rigged	investigation	he	started.	There	was	no	Collusion	or	Obstruction	with	Russia	and	everybody	including	the	Democrats	know	it.	The	only	Collusion	and	Obstruction	was	by	Crooked	Hillary	the	Democrats	and	the	DNC!												
all	in	on	it	clear	Hillary	Clinton	and	FRAME	Donald	Trump	for	things	he	didn’t	do.”	Gregg	Jarrett	on	@foxandfriends		If	we	had	a	real	Attorney	General	this	Witch	Hunt	would	never	have	been	started!	Looking	at	the	wrong	people.													
of	the	“Justice”	Department	(can	you	believe	he	is	still	there)	is	accused	of	helping	disgraced	Christopher	Steele	“find	dirt	on	Trump.”	Ohr’s	wife	Nelly	was	in	on	the	act	big	time	-	worked	for	Fusion	GPS	on	Fake	Dossier.	@foxandfriends													
attack	in	London...These	animals	are	crazy	and	must	be	dealt	with	through	toughness	and	strength!																																							
give	a	crazed	crying	lowlife	a	break	and	give	her	a	job	at	the	White	House	I	guess	it	just	didn’t	work	out.	Good	work	by	General	Kelly	for	quickly	firing	that	dog!																					
“This	cannot	go	forward...this	Special	Councel	with	all	of	his	conflicts	with	his	17	Angry	Democrats	without	any	evidence	of	collusion	by	the	Trump	Campaign	and	Russia.	The	Dems	are	the	ones	who	should	be	investigated.”	Thank	you	Lou	so	true!													
shut	down.	The	Strzok	firing	shows	that	the	fundamental	underpinnings	of	the	investigation	were	corrupt.	It	should	be	shut	down	by	the	courts	or	by	honest	prosecutors.”	Thank	you	Judicial	Watch	I	couldn’t	have	said	it	better	myself!																
corrupt	and	had	anti-Trump	animus.	Strzok	and	others	at	the	FBI	should	be	criminally	investigated	for	the	way	the	conducted	this	investigation.	Instead	Mueller	is	pretending	nothing	went	wrong.	He	used	Strzok	he	used	the	Clinton	DNC	Dossier...the	whole	thing....														
of	Judicial	Watch:	“The	Strzok	firing	is	as	much	about	the	Mueller	operation	as	anything	else.	There	would	be	no	Mueller	Special	Councel	to	investigate	so	called	collusion	but	for	the	machinations	of	Strzok	&amp;	his	colleagues	at	the	top	levels	of	the	FBI.	We	know	this...							
and	powerful	things	about	me	-	a	TRUE	Champion	of	Civil	Rights	-	until	she	got	fired.	Omarosa	had	Zero	credibility	with	the	Media	(they	didn’t	want	interviews)	when	she	worked	in	the	White	House.	Now	that	she	says	bad	about	me	they	will	talk	to	her.	Fake	News!					
to	say	that	there	are	NO	TAPES	of	the	Apprentice	where	I	used	such	a	terrible	and	disgusting	word	as	attributed	by	Wacky	and	Deranged	Omarosa.	I	don’t	have	that	word	in	my	vocabulary	and	never	have.	She	made	it	up.	Look	at	her	MANY	recent	quotes	saying....						
																																																					
of	Wisconsin	is	a	tremendous	Governor	who	has	done	incredible	things	for	that	Great	State.	He	has	my	complete	&amp;	total	Endorsement!	He	brought	the	amazing	Foxconn	to	Wisconsin	with	its	15000	Jobs-and	so	much	more.	Vote	for	Scott	on	Tuesday	in	the	Republican	Primary!									
policy	is	actually	boosting	America’s	standing”	https://t.co/oC7Xs38uRo																																															
my	great	honor	to	sign	our	new	Defense	Bill	into	law	and	to	pay	tribute	to	the	greatest	soldiers	in	the	history	of	the	world:	THE	U.S.	ARMY.	The	National	Defense	Authorization	Act	is	the	most	significant	investment	in	our	Military	and	our	warfighters	in	modern	history!	https://t.co/M6VI1c0Sgx						
is	running	for	Congress	in	Minnesota.	He	will	make	for	a	great	Congressman.	Pete	is	strong	on	crime	and	borders	loves	our	Military	Vets	and	Second	Amendment.	Vote	for	Pete	tomorrow.	He	has	my	full	and	total	Endorsement!																
be	in	Fort	Drum	New	York	with	our	HEROES!	https://t.co/Ke54QGZbU7																																												
at	Fort	Drum	New	York.	Looking	forward	to	making	a	speech	about	our	GREAT	HEROES!																																							
just	won	his	third	Golf	Major	and	he	did	it	not	only	with	his	powerful	game	but	with	his	powerful	mind.	He	has	been	a	man	of	steel	on	the	Tour	and	will	have	many	Victories	including	Majors	ahead	of	him.	Congrats	to	Brooks	and	his	great	team	on	a	job	well	done!	
already	has	a	fully	signed	Non-Disclosure	Agreement!																																															
Agent	Strzok	formerly	of	the	FBI	was	in	charge	of	the	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	sham	investigation.	It	was	a	total	fraud	on	the	American	public	and	should	be	properly	redone!																								
Strzok	was	just	fired	from	the	FBI	-	finally.	The	list	of	bad	players	in	the	FBI	&amp;	DOJ	gets	longer	&amp;	longer.	Based	on	the	fact	that	Strzok	was	in	charge	of	the	Witch	Hunt	will	it	be	dropped?	It	is	a	total	Hoax.	No	Collusion	No	Obstruction	-	I	just	fight	back!
unpopular	Governor	of	Ohio	(and	failed	presidential	candidate)	@JohnKasich	hurt	Troy	Balderson’s	recent	win	by	tamping	down	enthusiasm	for	an	otherwise	great	candidate.	Even	Kasich’s	Lt.	Governor	lost	Gov.	race	because	of	his	unpopularity.	Credit	to	Troy	on	the	BIG	WIN!													
know	it’s	“not	presidential”	to	take	on	a	lowlife	like	Omarosa	and	while	I	would	rather	not	be	doing	so	this	is	a	modern	day	form	of	communication	and	I	know	the	Fake	News	Media	will	be	working	overtime	to	make	even	Wacky	Omarosa	look	legitimate	as	possible.	Sorry!					
things.	Nasty	to	people	&amp;	would	constantly	miss	meetings	&amp;	work.	When	Gen.	Kelly	came	on	board	he	told	me	she	was	a	loser	&amp;	nothing	but	problems.	I	told	him	to	try	working	it	out	if	possible	because	she	only	said	GREAT	things	about	me	-	until	she	got	fired!			
who	got	fired	3	times	on	the	Apprentice	now	got	fired	for	the	last	time.	She	never	made	it	never	will.	She	begged	me	for	a	job	tears	in	her	eyes	I	said	Ok.	People	in	the	White	House	hated	her.	She	was	vicious	but	not	smart.	I	would	rarely	see	her	but	heard....
the	Department	of	Justice	(and	FBI)	had	a	program	to	keep	Donald	Trump	from	becoming	President”.	@DarrellIssa		@foxandfriends		If	this	had	happened	to	the	other	side	everybody	involved	would	be	in	jail.	This	is	a	Media	coverup	of	the	biggest	story	of	our	time.								
owners	plan	to	boycott	the	company	if	manufacturing	moves	overseas.	Great!	Most	other	companies	are	coming	in	our	direction	including	Harley	competitors.	A	really	bad	move!	U.S.	will	soon	have	a	level	playing	field	or	better.																		
paycheck	is	bigger	your	pension	is	stronger.”	@foxandfriends		Unemployment	numbers	are	better	than	they	have	been	in	50	years	&amp;	perhaps	ever.	Our	country	is	booming	like	never	before	-	and	it	will	get	even	better!	Many	companies	moving	back	to	the	U.S.A.										
“Bob	Mueller	isn’t	your	whole	investigation	premised	on	a	Fake	Dossier	paid	for	by	Hillary	created	by	a	man	who	hates	Donald	Trump	&amp;	used	to	con	a	FISA	Court	Judge.	Bob	I	really	think	it’s	time	for	you	to	give	up	your	phony	investigation.”	No	Collusion!							
Trump	at	Bedminster	earlier	today.	Thank	you!	https://t.co/GWN56gYGT3																																														
Bikers	for	Trump	just	joined	me	at	Bedminster.	Quite	a	scene	-	great	people	who	truly	love	our	Country!																																			
believe	Nelly	worked	for	Fusion	and	her	husband	STILL	WORKS	FOR	THE	DEPARTMENT	OF	“JUSTICE.”	I	have	never	seen	anything	so	Rigged	in	my	life.	Our	A.G.	is	scared	stiff	and	Missing	in	Action.	It	is	all	starting	to	be	revealed	-	not	pretty.	IG	Report	soon?		Witch	Hunt!				
story	that	the	Fake	News	Media	refuses	to	report	is	lowlife	Christopher	Steele’s	many	meetings	with	Deputy	A.G.	Bruce	Ohr	and	his	beautiful	wife	Nelly.	It	was	Fusion	GPS	that	hired	Steele	to	write	the	phony	&amp;	discredited	Dossier	paid	for	by	Crooked	Hillary	&amp;	the	DNC....							
proud	to	have	fought	for	and	secured	the	LOWEST	African	American	and	Hispanic	unemployment	rates	in	history.	Now	I’m	pushing	for	prison	reform	to	give	people	who	have	paid	their	debt	to	society	a	second	chance.	I	will	never	stop	fighting	for	ALL	Americans!										
in	Charlottesville	a	year	ago	resulted	in	senseless	death	and	division.	We	must	come	together	as	a	nation.	I	condemn	all	types	of	racism	and	acts	of	violence.	Peace	to	ALL	Americans!																						
FBI	ever	recover	it’s	once	stellar	reputation	so	badly	damaged	by	Comey	McCabe	Peter	S	and	his	lover	the	lovely	Lisa	Page	and	other	top	officials	now	dismissed	or	fired?	So	many	of	the	great	men	and	women	of	the	FBI	have	been	hurt	by	these	clowns	and	losers!					
the	FBI	giving	Andrew	McCabe	text	messages		to	Judicial	Watch	or	appropriate	governmental	authorities.	FBI	said	they	won’t	give	up	even	one	(I	may	have	to	get	involved	DO	NOT	DESTROY).	What	are	they	hiding?	McCabe	wife	took	big	campaign	dollars	from	Hillary	people.....									
FBI	ever	recover	it’s	once	stellar	reputation	so	badly	damaged	by	Comey	McCabe	Peter	S	and	his	lover	the	lovely	Lisa	Page	and	other	top	officials	now	dismissed	or	fired?	So	many	of	the	great	men	and	women	of	the	FBI	have	been	hurt	by	these	clowns	and	losers!					
the	FBI	giving	Andrew	McCabe	text	massages	to	Judicial	Watch	or	appropriate	governmental	authorities.	FBI	said	they	won’t	give	up	even	one	(I	may	have	to	get	involved	DO	NOT	DESTROY).	What	are	they	hiding?	McCabe	wife	took	big	campaign	dollars	from	Hillary	people......										
Mexico	is	coming	along	nicely.	Autoworkers	and	farmers	must	be	taken	care	of	or	there	will	be	no	deal.	New	President	of	Mexico	has	been	an	absolute	gentleman.	Canada	must	wait.	Their	Tariffs	and	Trade	Barriers	are	far	too	high.	Will	tax	cars	if	we	can’t	make	a	deal!					
to	Kanye	West	and	the	fact	that	he	is	willing	to	tell	the	TRUTH.	One	new	and	great	FACT	-	African	American	unemployment	is	the	lowest	ever	recorded	in	the	history	of	our	Country.	So	honored	by	this.	Thank	you	Kanye	for	your	support.	It	is	making	a	big	difference!				
very	good	phone	call	with	@EmmanuelMacron	President	of	France.	Discussed	various	subjects	in	particular	Security	and	Trade.	Many	other	calls	and	conversations	today.	Looking	forward	to	dinner	tonight	with	Tim	Cook	of	Apple.	He	is	investing	big	dollars	in	U.S.A.														
do	not	distance	yourselves	from	Nancy	Pelosi.	She	is	a	wonderful	person	whose	ideas	&amp;	policies	may	be	bad	but	who	should	definitely	be	given	a	4th	chance.	She	is	trying	very	hard	&amp;	has	every	right	to	take	down	the	Democrat	Party	if	she	has	veered	too	far	left!				
just	authorized	a	doubling	of	Tariffs	on	Steel	and	Aluminum	with	respect	to	Turkey	as	their	currency	the	Turkish	Lira	slides	rapidly	downward	against	our	very	strong	Dollar!	Aluminum	will	now	be	20%	and	Steel	50%.	Our	relations	with	Turkey	are	not	good	at	this	time!								
be	cool!	A	football	game	that	fans	are	paying	soooo	much	money	to	watch	and	enjoy	is	no	place	to	protest.	Most	of	that	money	goes	to	the	players	anyway.	Find	another	way	to	protest.	Stand	proudly	for	your	National	Anthem	or	be	Suspended	Without	Pay!								
players	are	at	it	again	-	taking	a	knee	when	they	should	be	standing	proudly	for	the	National	Anthem.	Numerous	players	from	different	teams	wanted	to	show	their	“outrage”	at	something	that	most	of	them	are	unable	to	define.	They	make	a	fortune	doing	what	they	love......							
“No	evidence	to	launch	even	an	investigation	into	potential	collusion	between	Donald	Trump	and	the	Russians	-	and	here	we	are	a	year	and	a	half	later.”																											
	“FBI	thought	they	wouldn’t	get	caught	because	they	thought	that	Hillary	was	going	to	win.	There	is	overt	bias	and	that	depends	on	whether	you	are	Democrat	or	Republican	-	a	double	standard	that	needs	to	stop.”																
“Why	didn’t	the	FBI	tell	President	Trump	that	they	had	concerns	about	Carter	Page?	Is	there	a	double	standard	here?”	They	told	Senator	Diane	Feinstein	that	she	had	a	spy	-	but	not	Trump.	Is	that	entrapment	or	did	they	just	want	to	use	Page	as	an	excuse	to	SPY?				
Yoho	of	Florida	is	doing	a	fantastic	job	and	has	my	complete	and	total	Endorsement!	Tough	on	Crime	and	Borders	Ted	was	really	helpful	on	Tax	Cuts.	Vote	all	the	way	for	Ted	in	the	upcoming	Primary	-	he	will	never	let	you	down!										
all	the	way!																																																			
an	illegally	brought	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	run	by	people	who	are	totally	corrupt	and/or	conflicted.	It	was	started	and	paid	for	by	Crooked	Hillary	and	the	Democrats.	Phony	Dossier	FISA	disgrace	and	so	many	lying	and	dishonest	people	already	fired.	17	Angry	Dems?	Stay	tuned!									
been	no	evidence	whatsoever	that	Donald	Trump	or	the	campaign	was	involved	in	any	kind	of	collusion	to	fix	the	2016	election.	In	fact	the	evidence	is	the	opposite	that	Hillary	Clinton	&amp;	the	Democrats	colluded	with	the	Russians	to	fix	the	2016	election.”	@GrahamLedger									
																																																					
@LenaEpstein	of	Michigan	on	a	job	well	done.	Also	thanks	for	your	great	support!																																								
as	I	campaign	and/or	support	Senate	and	House	candidates	(within	reason)	they	will	win!	I	LOVE	the	people	&amp;	they	certainly	seem	to	like	the	job	I’m	doing.	If	I	find	the	time	in	between	China	Iran	the	Economy	and	much	more	which	I	must	we	will	have	a	giant	Red	Wave!		
have	now	won	8	out	of	9	House	Seats	yet	if	you	listen	to	the	Fake	News	Media	you	would	think	we	are	being	clobbered.	Why	can’t	they	play	it	straight	so	unfair	to	the	Republican	Party	and	in	particular	your	favorite	President!											
5!																																																					
Josh	Hawley	on	your	big	Senate	Primary	win	in	Missouri.	I	look	forward	to	working	with	you	toward	a	big	win	in	November.	We	need	you	in	Washington!																										
Bill	Schuette.	You	will	have	a	Big	win	in	November	and	be	a	tremendous	Governor	for	the	Great	State	of	Michigan.	Lots	of	car	and	other	companies	moving	back!																									
a	future	STAR	of	the	Republican	Party	future	Senator	John	James.	A	big	and	bold	victory	tonight	in	the	Great	State	of	Michigan	-	the	first	of	many.	November	can’t	come	fast	enough!																					
Troy	Balderson	on	a	great	win	in	Ohio.	A	very	special	and	important	race!																																								
decided	to	go	to	Ohio	for	Troy	Balderson	he	was	down	in	early	voting	64	to	36	That	was	not	good.	After	my	speech	on	Saturday	night	there	was	a	big	turn	for	the	better.	Now	Troy	wins	a	great	victory	during	a	very	tough	time	of	the	year	for	voting.	He	will	win
the	236th	anniversary	of	the	Purple	Heart	we	honor	the	members	of	our	Armed	Forces	for	serving	as	the	vanguard	of	American	democracy	and	freedom	around	the	world.	#PurpleHeartDay	https://t.co/NghmQ4BOKh																								
today	for	Troy	Balderson	for	Congress.	His	opponent	controlled	by	Nancy	Pelosi	is	weak	on	Crime	the	Border	Military	Vets	your	2nd	Amendment	-	and	will	end	your	Tax	Cuts.	Troy	will	be	a	great	Congressman.	#MAGA																	
sanctions	have	officially	been	cast.	These	are	the	most	biting	sanctions	ever	imposed	and	in	November	they	ratchet	up	to	yet	another	level.	Anyone	doing	business	with	Iran	will	NOT	be	doing	business	with	the	United	States.	I	am	asking	for	WORLD	PEACE	nothing	less!									
are	being	magnified	&amp;	made	so	much	worse	by	the	bad	environmental	laws	which	aren’t	allowing	massive	amounts	of	readily	available	water	to	be	properly	utilized.	It	is	being	diverted	into	the	Pacific	Ocean.	Must	also	tree	clear	to	stop	fire	from	spreading!											
Open	Borders	and	they	want	to	abolish	ICE	the	brave	men	and	women	that	are	protecting	our	Country	from	some	of	the	most	vicious	and	dangerous	people	on	earth!	Sorry	we	can’t	let	that	happen!	Also	change	the	rules	in	the	Senate	and	approve	STRONG	Border	Security!							
Open	Borders	and	they	want	to	abolish	ICE	the	brave	men	and	women	that	our	protecting	our	Country	from	some	of	the	most	vicious	and	dangerous	people	on	earth!	Sorry	we	can’t	let	that	happen!Also	change	the	rules	in	the	Senate	and	approve	STRONG	Border	Security!								
is	a	potential	Republican	Star	who	has	a	Senate	primary	election	tomorrow	in	Michigan.	If	he	becomes	the	Republican	candidate	he	will	beat	the	Open	Borders	weak	on	Crime	Democrat	Debbie	Stabenow.	Vote	for	John	James	and	Make	America	Great	Again!													
Brown	must	allow	the	Free	Flow	of	the	vast	amounts	of	water	coming	from	the	North	and	foolishly	being	diverted	into	the	Pacific	Ocean.	Can	be	used	for	fires	farming	and	everything	else.	Think	of	California	with	plenty	of	Water	-	Nice!	Fast	Federal	govt.	approvals.								
a	strong	and	early	supporter	of	mine	is	running	for	Governor	of	the	Great	State	of	Kansas.		He	is	a	fantastic	guy	who	loves	his	State	and	our	Country	-	he	will	be	a	GREAT	Governor	and	has	my	full	&amp;	total	Endorsement!	Strong	on	Crime	Border	&amp;	Military.	VOTE	TUESDAY!		
numbers	being	announced	on	an	almost	daily	basis.	Economy	has	never	been	better	jobs	at	best	point	in	history.	Fixing	our	terrible	Trade	Deals	is	a	priority-and	going	very	well.	Immigration	on	Merit	Based	System	to	take	care	of	the	companies	coming	back	to	U.S.A.									
firm	eventually	Kremlin	connected	sources	to	gather	info	on	Donald	Trump.	Collusion	is	very	real	with	Russia	but	only	with	Hillary	and	the	Democrats	and	we	should	demand	a	full	investigation.”	Dan	Bongino	on	@foxandfriends		Looking	forward	to	the	new	IG	Report!											
Russia	was	very	real.	Hillary	Clinton	and	her	team	100%	colluded	with	the	Russians	and	so	did	Adam	Schiff	who	is	on	tape	trying	to	collude	with	what	he	thought	was	Russians	to	obtain	compromising	material	on	DJT.	We	also	know	that	Hillary	Clinton	paid	through....								
are	being	magnified	&amp;	made	so	much	worse	by	the	bad	environmental	laws	which	aren’t	allowing	massive	amount	of	readily	available	water	to	be	properly	utilized.	It	is	being	diverted	into	the	Pacific	Ocean.	Must	also	tree	clear	to	stop	fire			spreading!										
numbers	are	very	good	-	strong	economy	military	and	just	about	everything	else.	Better	numbers	than	Obama	at	this	point	by	far.	We	are	winning	on	just	about	every	front	and	for	that	reason	there	will	not	be	a	Blue	Wave	but	there	might	be	a	Red	Wave!						
a	large	portion	of	the	Media	refuses	to	report	the	lies	and	corruption	having	to	do	with	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	-	but	that	is	why	we	call	them	FAKE	NEWS!																							
Mueller	and	the	17	Angry	Democrats	looking	at	the	meetings	concerning	the	Fake	Dossier	and	all	of	the	lying	that	went	on	in	the	FBI	and	DOJ?	This	is	the	most	one	sided	Witch	Hunt	in	the	history	of	our	country.	Fortunately	the	facts	are	all	coming	out	and	fast!				
reporting	a	complete	fabrication	that	I	am	concerned	about	the	meeting	my	wonderful	son	Donald	had	in	Trump	Tower.	This	was	a	meeting	to	get	information	on	an	opponent	totally	legal	and	done	all	the	time	in	politics	-	and	it	went	nowhere.	I	did	not	know	about	it!					
Tariffs	we	will	be	able	to	start	paying	down	large	amounts	of	the	$21 	Trillion	in	debt	that	has	been	accumulated	much	by	the	Obama	Administration	while	at	the	same	time	reducing	taxes	for	our	people.	At	minimum	we	will	make	much	better	Trade	Deals	for	our	country!						
working	big	time.	Every	country	on	earth	wants	to	take	wealth	out	of	the	U.S.	always	to	our	detriment.	I	say	as	they	comeTax	them.	If	they	don’t	want	to	be	taxed	let	them	make	or	build	the	product	in	the	U.S.	In	either	event	it	means	jobs	and	great	wealth.....			
News	hates	me	saying	that	they	are	the	Enemy	of	the	People	only	because	they	know	it’s	TRUE.	I	am	providing	a	great	service	by	explaining	this	to	the	American	People.	They	purposely	cause	great	division	&amp;	distrust.	They	can	also	cause	War!	They	are	very	dangerous	&amp;	sick!					
is	a	total	puppet	for	Nancy	Pelosi	and	Maxine	Waters	–	Danny	wants	to	raise	your	taxes	open	your	borders	and	take	away	your	2nd	Amendment.	Vote	for	Troy	on	Tuesday!																							
night	in	Ohio’s	12th	Congressional	District	with	Troy	Balderson!	Troy	loves	Ohio	and	he	loves	the	people	of	Ohio.	He	will	be	fighting	for	you	all	the	way...																										
Ohio.	I	love	you!	https://t.co/HYSaQOB6GW																																																	
it’s	economy	is	going	very	bad	and	fast!	I	will	meet	or	not	meet	it	doesn’t	matter	-	it	is	up	to	them!																															
Ohio!																																																					
is	for	the	first	time	doing	poorly	against	us	is	spending	a	fortune	on	ads	and	P.R.	trying	to	convince	and	scare	our	politicians	to	fight	me	on	Tariffs-	because	they	are	really	hurting	their	economy.	Likewise	other	countries.	We	are	Winning	but	must	be	strong!								
make	our	country	much	richer	than	it	is	today.	Only	fools	would	disagree.	We	are	using	them	to	negotiate	fair	trade	deals	and	if	countries	are	still	unwilling	to	negotiate	they	will	pay	us	vast	sums	of	money	in	the	form	of	Tariffs.	We	win	either	way......							
had	a	tremendous	positive	impact	on	our	Steel	Industry.	Plants	are	opening	all	over	the	U.S.	Steelworkers	are	working	again	and	big	dollars	are	flowing	into	our	Treasury.	Other	countries	use	Tariffs	against	but	when	we	use	them	foolish	people	scream!													
working	far	better	than	anyone	ever	anticipated.	China	market	has	dropped	27%	in	last	4months	and	they	are	talking	to	us.	Our	market	is	stronger	than	ever	and	will	go	up	dramatically	when	these	horrible	Trade	Deals	are	successfully	renegotiated.	America	First.......												
@USCG!	https://t.co/cQo41jcoKn																																																				
running	for	Congress	from	Ohio	is	in	a	big	Election	fight	with	a	candidate	who	just	got	caught	lying	about	his	relationship	with	Nancy	Pelosi	who	is	weak	on	Crime	Borders	&amp;	your	2nd	Amendment-and	wants	to	raise	your	Taxes	(by	a	lot).	Vote	for	Troy	on	Tuesday!						
going	to	Ohio	tonight	to	campaign	for	Troy	Balderson	for	the	big	Congressional	Special	Election	on	Tuesday.	Early	voting	is	on.	Troy	is	strong	on	Crime	the	Border	&amp;	loves	our	Military	Vets	&amp;	2nd	Amendment.	His	opponent	is	a	puppet	of	Nancy	Pelosi/high	taxes.									
was	just	interviewed	by	the	dumbest	man	on	television	Don	Lemon.	He	made	Lebron	look	smart	which	isn’t	easy	to	do.	I	like	Mike!																														
the	person	leading	our	Nation	on	“Collusion”	with	Russia	(only	done	by	Dems).	Will	she	now	investigate	herself?	https://t.co/OG6l04bBwg																																			
Gregg	Jarrett	on	his	book	“THE	RUSSIA	HOAX	THE	ILLICIT	SCHEME	TO	CLEAR	HILLARY	CLINTON	AND	FRAME	DONALD	TRUMP”	going	to	#1	on	@nytimes	and	Amazon.	It	is	indeed	a	HOAX	and	WITCH	HUNT	illegally	started	by	people	who	have	already	been	disgraced.	Great	book!									
from	Ocean	City	Maryland.	Thank	you.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/kILZz31yDJ																																											
Manufacturing	Jobs	created	since	I	won	the	Election.	Remember	when	my	opponents	were	saying	that	we	couldn’t	create	this	type	of	job	anymore.	Wrong	in	fact	these	are	among	our	best	and	most	important	jobs!																			
are	good	news	fire	extinguishers!”	@greggutfeld	@TheFive																																															
is	making	a	BIG	comeback	under	the	Trump	Administration	has	just	named	9	astronauts	for	Boeing	and	Spacex	space	flights.	We	have	the	greatest	facilities	in	the	world	and	we	are	now	letting	the	private	sector	pay	to	use	them.	Exciting	things	happening.	Space	Force!									
just	the	ninth	month	since	1970	that	unemployment	has	fallen	below	4%.	Our	economy	has	added	3.7	million	jobs	since	I	won	the	Election.	4.1	GDP.	More	than	4	million	people	have	received	a	pay	raise	due	to	tax	reform.	$400 	Billion	brought	back	from	“overseas.”	@FoxNews							
had	a	BIG	win	last	night	in	the	Tennessee	primary	for	U.S.	Senate.	She	is	an	outstanding	person	&amp;	great	supporter	of	mine.	Congratulations	Marsha	we	need	you	very	badly	in	the	Senate	to	vote	for	our	agenda.	Your	next	opponent	will	vote	against	all	we	are	doing!						
Trump	as	'pro-black'	at	prison	reform	event”	https://t.co/xFKf1arebx																																														
https://t.co/JSMiOWfbxa																																																					
Bill	Lee	of	Tennessee	on	his	big	primary	win	for	Governor	last	night.		He	ran	a	great	campaign	and	now	will	finish	off	the	job	in	November.	Bill	has	my	total	and	enthusiastic	Endorsement!																			
Pennsylvania.	I	love	you!	https://t.co/qoswnBZb3f																																																	
my	daughter	Ivanka	whether	or	not	the	media	is	the	enemy	of	the	people.	She	correctly	said	no.	It	is	the	FAKE	NEWS	which	is	a	large	percentage	of	the	media	that	is	the	enemy	of	the	people!																
to	being	in	the	Great	State	of	Ohio	on	Saturday	night	where	I	will	be	campaigning	hard	for	a	truly	talented	future	Congressman	@Troy_Balderson.	See	you	all	then!	Tickets:	https://t.co/8UOykaI8uf	https://t.co/jHdtAy5fgj																							
House	and	Senate	meet	on	the	very	important	Farm	Bill	–	we	love	our	farmers	-	hopefully	they	will	be	able	to	leave	the	WORK	REQUIREMENTS	FOR	FOOD	STAMPS	PROVISION	that	the	House	approved.	Senate	should	go	to	51	votes!														
to	love	Trump	because	unlike	all	of	the	others	before	me	I	am	bringing	STEEL	BACK	in	a	VERY	BIG	way.	Plants	opening	up	in	Pennsylvania	and	all	over	the	Country	and	Congressman	Lou	Barletta	who	is	running	for	the	Senate	in	Pennsylvania	is	really	helping!								
to	being	in	the	Great	State	of	Pennsylvania	where	we	had	a	tremendous	victory	in	the	Election.	Will	be	campaigning	hard	for	an	original	supporter	Lou	Barletta	to	replace	a	weak	an	ineffective	Senator	Bob	Casey.	Lou	is	tough	and	smart	loves	PA	and	our	Country!								
Stivers	of	Ohio	has	done	a	fantastic	job	as	Chairman	of	the	@NRCC.	He	is	a	great	Congressman	who	is	tough	on	crime	&amp;	borders	&amp;	an	inspiration	to	our	Military	&amp;	Vets.	Big	on	2nd	Amendment.	Get	out	and	vote	for	Steve	on	Aug	7th.	He	has	my	full	&amp;	total	endorsement!	
thank	you!	https://t.co/pNXbFNcf8z																																																			
is	blowing	away	the	competition	in	the	morning	ratings.	Morning	Joe	is	a	dead	show	with	very	few	people	watching	and	sadly	Fake	News	CNN	is	also	doing	poorly.	Too	much	hate	and	inaccurately	reported	stories	-	too	predictable!															
of	Koch	Brothers	who	claims	to	be	giving	away	millions	of	dollars	to	politicians	even	though	I	know	very	few	who	have	seen	this	(?)	now	makes	the	ridiculous	statement	that	what	President	Trump	is	doing	is	unfair	to	“foreign	workers.”	He	is	correct	AMERICA	FIRST!								
to	Chairman	Kim	Jong	Un	for	keeping	your	word	&amp;	starting	the	process	of	sending	home	the	remains	of	our	great	and	beloved	missing	fallen!	I	am	not	at	all	surprised	that	you	took	this	kind	action.	Also	thank	you	for	your	nice	letter	-	l	look	forward	to	seeing	you	soon!		
	@GreggJarrett	on	The	TREMENDOUS	success	of	his	just	out	book	“The	Russia	Hoax	The	Illicit	Scheme	To	Clear	Hillary	Clinton	&amp;	Frame	Donald	Trump.”	Already	number	one	on	Amazon.	Hard	work	from	a	brilliant	guy.	It’s	the	Real	Story	of	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt!									
ceremony	as	U.S.	Korean	War	remains	are	returned	to	American	soil.	Thank	you	to	Honolulu	and	all	of	our	great	Military	participants	on	a	job	well	done.	A	special	thanks	to	Vice	President	Mike	Pence	on	delivering	a	truly	magnificent	tribute!													
boom	in	July	increasing	by	219000	vs	185000	estimate:	ADP”	https://t.co/SeU9kGpima																																											
tomorrow	night	at	7pmE	in	Wilkes-Barre	Township	Pennsylvania	for	a	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	RALLY!	Tickets:	https://t.co/dR6EzS3Q8L	https://t.co/c52kIxvdF7																																				
																																																					
my	great	honor	to	be	joined	by	leading	pastors	and	faith	leaders	from	across	our	Nation	today	at	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/6sS1zGA1p7																																	
have	a	smoking	gun	about	a	campaign	getting	dirt	on	their	opponent	it	was	Hillary	Clinton.	How	is	it	OK	for	Hillary	Clinton	to	proactively	seek	dirt	from	the	Russians	but	the	Trump	campaign	met	at	the	Russians	request	and	that	is	bad?”	Marc	Thiessen	Washington	Post							
on	history	who	was	treated	worse	Alfonse	Capone	legendary	mob	boss	killer	and	“Public	Enemy	Number	One”	or	Paul	Manafort	political	operative	&amp;	Reagan/Dole	darling	now	serving	solitary	confinement	-	although	convicted	of	nothing?	Where	is	the	Russian	Collusion?															
have	a	smocking	gun	about	a	campaign	getting	dirt	on	their	opponent	it	was	Hillary	Clinton.	How	is	it	OK	for	Hillary	Clinton	to	proactively	seek	dirt	from	the	Russians	but	the	Trump	campaign	met	at	the	Russians	request	and	that	is	bad?”	Marc	Thiessen	Washington	Post							
with	the	Trump	Campaign	one	of	the	most	successful	in	history	is	a	TOTAL	HOAX.	The	Democrats	paid	for	the	phony	and	discredited	Dossier	which	was	along	with	Comey	McCabe	Strzok	and	his	lover	the	lovely	Lisa	Page	used	to	begin	the	Witch	Hunt.	Disgraceful!									
worked	for	Ronald	Reagan	Bob	Dole	and	many	other	highly	prominent	and	respected	political	leaders.	He	worked	for	me	for	a	very	short	time.	Why	didn’t	government	tell	me	that	he	was	under	investigation.	These	old	charges	have	nothing	to	do	with	Collusion	-	a	Hoax!								
a	terrible	situation	and	Attorney	General	Jeff	Sessions	should	stop	this	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	right	now	before	it	continues	to	stain	our	country	any	further.	Bob	Mueller	is	totally	conflicted	and	his	17	Angry	Democrats	that	are	doing	his	dirty	work	are	a	disgrace	to	USA!								
the	FBI	while	he	himself	was	being	investigated.	This	is	a	real	issue.	It	won’t	go	into	a	Mueller	Report	because	Mueller	is	going	to	protect	these	guys.	Mueller	has	an	interest	in	creating	the	illusion	of	objectivity	around	his	investigation.”	ALAN	DERSHOWITZ....											
Peter	Strzok	(on	the	Mueller	team)	should	have	recused	himself	on	day	one.	He	was	out	to	STOP	THE	ELECTION	OF	DONALD	TRUMP.	He	needed	an	insurance	policy.	Those	are	illegal	improper	goals	trying	to	influence	the	Election.	He	should	never	ever	been	allowed	to........									
Florida.	I	love	you!https://t.co/M5T81DZVUU																																																		
way	to	Tampa	Florida.	Look	forward	to	seeing	everyone	soon!	https://t.co/BSB6IjBK7r																																											
rate	hits	highest	level	since	2008”	https://t.co/pMDxHQqcg9																																															
is	National	Security	and	National	Security	is	the	long-term	viability	of	our	Country.	A	Government	Shutdown	is	a	very	small	price	to	pay	for	a	safe	and	Prosperous	America!																									
care	what	the	political	ramifications	are	our	immigration	laws	and	border	security	have	been	a	complete	and	total	disaster	for	decades	and	there	is	no	way	that	the	Democrats	will	allow	it	to	be	fixed	without	a	Government	Shutdown...															
a	Primary	on	August	21st.	He	doesn’t	need	any	help	because	he	is	absolutely	outstanding	in	every	way	but	I	hope	the	great	people	of	Wyoming	will	go	out	and	show	their	support	anyway.	John	is	absolutely	top	of	the	line	&amp;	has	my	Complete	&amp;	Total	Endorsement!						
Kustoff	has	been	a	champion	for	the	Trump	Agenda	-	I	greatly	appreciate	his	support.	David	is	strong	on	crime	and	borders	loves	our	Military	Vets	and	Second	Amendment.	Get	out	and	vote	for	David	on	Thursday	August	2nd.	He	has	my	Full	and	Total	Endorsement!								
News	Media	is	going	CRAZY!	They	are	totally	unhinged	and	in	many	ways	after	witnessing	first	hand	the	damage	they	do	to	so	many	innocent	and	decent	people	I	enjoy	watching.	In	7	years	when	I	am	no	longer	in	office	their	ratings	will	dry	up	and	they	will	be	gone!			
in	Tampa	tonight.	A	big	year	for	@RepDeSantis	who	will	be	a	great	governor	for	Florida.	Strong	on	Crime	Borders	and	our	2nd	Amendment.	Big	help	on	Tax	&amp;	Regulation	Cuts.	Loves	our	Military	&amp;	our	Vets.	Has	my	Full	&amp;	Total	Endorsement!											
looking	into	3-D	Plastic	Guns	being	sold	to	the	public.	Already	spoke	to	NRA	doesn’t	seem	to	make	much	sense!																																		
not	a	crime	but	that	doesn’t	matter	because	there	was	No	Collusion	(except	by	Crooked	Hillary	and	the	Democrats)!																																			
the	reasons	we	need	Great	Border	Security	is	that	Mexico’s	murder	rate	in	2017	increased	by	27%	to	31174	people	killed	a	record!	The	Democrats	want	Open	Borders.	I	want	Maximum	Border	Security	and	respect	for	ICE	and	our	great	Law	Enforcement	Professionals!	@FoxNews										
is	a	great	guy	who	truly	gets	it!																																														
Their	network	is	highly	overrated	I	have	beaten	them	at	every	turn.	They	want	to	protect	their	companies	outside	the	U.S.	from	being	taxed	I’m	for	America	First	&amp;	the	American	Worker	-	a	puppet	for	no	one.	Two	nice	guys	with	bad	ideas.	Make	America	Great	Again!						
Koch	Brothers	who	have	become	a	total	joke	in	real	Republican	circles	are	against	Strong	Borders	and	Powerful	Trade.	I	never	sought	their	support	because	I	don’t	need	their	money	or	bad	ideas.	They	love	my	Tax	&amp;	Regulation	Cuts	Judicial	picks	&amp;	more.	I	made.....								
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/OnMGXvldVT																																																			
respected	Federal	judge	today	stated	that	the	“Trump	Administration	gets	great	credit”	for	reuniting	illegal	families.	Thank	you	and	please	look	at	the	previous	administrations	record	-	not	good!																									
our	new	@DeptVetAffairs	Secretary	Robert	Wilkie!	https://t.co/6erqWJzuiK																																															
to	@RandPaul	for	your	YES	on	a	future	great	Justice	of	the	Supreme	Court	Brett	Kavanaugh.	Your	vote	means	a	lot	to	me	and	to	everyone	who	loves	our	Country!																								
Borders	large	scale	Crime	and	abolishing	ICE	is	good	for	them	we	must	get	smart	and	finally	do	what	must	be	done	for	the	Safety	and	Security	of	our	Country!																								
is	a	top	National	Security	problem.	After	decades	of	playing	games	with	the	whole	World	laughing	at	the	stupidity	of	our	immigration	laws	and	with	Democrats	thinking...																											
Judge	Jeanine	on	the	tremendous	success	of	her	new	#1	best-selling	book	“Liars	Leakers	and	Liberals	–	The	Case	Against	the	Anti-Trump	Conspiracy!”																															
Security	and	Medicare!	Cast	your	early	vote	or	vote	on	August	7th	Election	Day.	He	has	my	full	and	total	Endorsement!																																	
Ohio	is	running	for	Congress	-	so	important	to	the	Republican	Party.	Troy	is	strong	on	crime	and	Borders	loves	our	Military	our	Vets	and	our	Second	Amendment.	Troy	will	strongly	protect...																						
General	John	Kelly.	Today	we	celebrate	his	first	full	year	as	@WhiteHouse	Chief	of	Staff!	https://t.co/JWCaJ3GhHV																																						
																																																					
my	great	honor	to	welcome	Prime	Minister	@GiuseppeConteIT	of	Italy	to	the	@WhiteHouse!	Join	us	at	2:00pmE	for	our	joint	press	conference:	https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe	https://t.co/5t4QVsKKqH																														
have	Border	Security	get	rid	of	Chain	Lottery	Catch	&amp;	Release	Sanctuary	Cities	-	go	to	Merit	based	Immigration.	Protect	ICE	and	Law	Enforcement	and	of	course	keep	building	but	much	faster	THE	WALL!																				
is	Mueller	only	appointing	Angry	Dems	some	of	whom	have	worked	for	Crooked	Hillary	others	including	himself	have	worked	for	Obama....And	why	isn’t	Mueller	looking	at	all	of	the	criminal	activity	&amp;	real	Russian	Collusion	on	the	Democrats	side-Podesta	Dossier?														
Mueller	ever	going	to	release	his	conflicts	of	interest	with	respect	to	President	Trump	including	the	fact	that	we	had	a	very	nasty	&amp;	contentious	business	relationship	I	turned	him	down	to	head	the	FBI	(one	day	before	appointment	as	S.C.)	&amp;	Comey	is	his	close	friend..							
No	Collusion!	The	Robert	Mueller	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	headed	now	by	17	(increased	from	13	including	an	Obama	White	House	lawyer)	Angry	Democrats	was	started	by	a	fraudulent	Dossier	paid	for	by	Crooked	Hillary	and	the	DNC.	Therefore	the	Witch	Hunt	is	an	illegal	Scam!									
Amazon	Washington	Post	do	nothing	but	write	bad	stories	even	on	very	positive	achievements	-	and	they	will	never	change!																																		
of	media	coverage	of	my	Administration	is	negative	despite	the	tremendously	positive	results	we	are	achieving	it’s	no	surprise	that	confidence	in	the	media	is	at	an	all	time	low!	I	will	not	allow	our	great	country	to	be	sold	out	by	anti-Trump	haters	in	the...								
industry.	No	matter	how	much	they	try	to	distract	and	cover	it	up	our	country	is	making	great	progress	under	my	leadership	and	I	will	never	stop	fighting	for	the	American	people!	As	an	example	the	failing	New	York	Times...														
media	-	driven	insane	by	their	Trump	Derangement	Syndrome	-	reveals	internal	deliberations	of	our	government	it		truly	puts	the	lives	of	many	not	just	journalists	at	risk!	Very	unpatriotic!	Freedom	of	the	press	also	comes	with	a	responsibility	to	report	the	news...										
be	willing	to	“shut	down”	government	if	the	Democrats	do	not	give	us	the	votes	for	Border	Security	which	includes	the	Wall!	Must	get	rid	of	Lottery	Catch	&amp;	Release	etc.	and	finally	go	to	system	of	Immigration	based	on	MERIT!	We	need	great	people	coming	into	our	Country!					
and	best	results	coming	out	of	the	good	GDP	report	was	that	the	quarterly	Trade	Deficit	has	been	reduced	by	$52 	Billion	and	of	course	the	historically	low	unemployment	numbers	especially	for	African	Americans	Hispanics	Asians	and	Women.																
very	good	and	interesting	meeting	at	the	White	House	with	A.G.	Sulzberger	Publisher	of	the	New	York	Times.	Spent	much	time	talking	about	the	vast	amounts	of	Fake	News	being	put	out	by	the	media	&amp;	how	that	Fake	News	has	morphed	into	phrase	“Enemy	of	the	People.”	Sad!					
there	are	consequences	when	people	cross	our	Border	illegally	whether	they	have	children	or	not	-	and	many	are	just	using	children	for	their	own	sinister	purposes.	Congress	must	act	on	fixing	the	DUMBEST	&amp;	WORST	immigration	laws	anywhere	in	the	world!	Vote	“R”										
think	the	Fake	News	Media	will	ever	report	on	this	tweet	from	Michael?	https://t.co/kXLCKZO5Fr																																								
Poll	Numbers	in	the	history	of	the	Republican	Party.	That	includes	Honest	Abe	Lincoln	and	Ronald	Reagan.	There	must	be	something	wrong	please	recheck	that	poll!																												
fmr	ICE	Director:	“There	is	nobody	that	has	done	more	for	border	security	&amp;	public	safety	than	President	Trump.	I’ve	worked	for	six	presidents	and	I	respect	them	all	but	nobody	has	done	more	than	this	Administration	&amp;	President	Trump	that’s	just	a	stone	cold	fact!”								
																																																					
in	Tampa	Florida	next	Tuesday	July	31st	at	7:00pmE	for	a	#MAGA	Rally!	Tickets:	https://t.co/Q2PMyTACl8	https://t.co/URjvN8Owoe																																						
things	the	Democrats	do	well	is	“Resist”	which	is	their	campaign	slogan	and	“Obstruct.”	Cryin’	Chuck	Schumer	has	almost	400	great	American	people	that	are	waiting	“forever”	to	serve	our	Country!	A	total	disgrace.	Mitch	M	should	not	let	them	go	home	until	all	approved!									
want	Open	Borders	and	care	little	about	Crime	are	incompetent	but	they	have	the	Fake	News	Media	almost	totally	on	their	side!																																
Kustoff	has	been	a	champion	for	the	Trump	Agenda	-	I	greatly	appreciate	his	support.	David	is	strong	on	crime	and	borders	loves	our	Military	Vets	and	Second	Amendment.	Get	out	and	vote	for	David	on	Thursday	August	2nd.	He	has	my	full	and	total	Endorsement!								
investment	has	surged	from	1.8	percent	the	year	BEFORE	I	came	into	office	to	9.4	percent	this	year	--	that	means	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!	https://t.co/evO63CpqPP																													
first	female	Admiral	Alene	Duerk	once	said:	“It	was	a	nice	distinction	to	have	and	to	be	recognized	as	the	first	but	I	wanted	to	make	certain	that	I	used	that	notoriety	to	do	as	much	positive	as	I	could.”	Alene	did	just	that	and	America	is	forever	grateful!	https://t.co/tOqkzqGVG7				
accomplished	an	economic	turnaround	of	HISTORIC	proportions!	https://t.co/vnmMtPv0kk																																														
thrilled	to	announce	that	in	the	second	quarter	of	this	year	the	U.S.	Economy	grew	at	the	amazing	rate	of	4.1%!	https://t.co/xeAPwAAOXN																																
Ohio	is	running	for	Congress	-	so	important	to	the	Republican	Party.	Cast	you	early	vote	or	vote	on	August	7th.	Troy	is	strong	on	crime	and	borders	loves	our	Military	our	Vets	and	our	Second	Amendment.	He	has	my	full	and	total	Endorsement!										
is	running	in	the	Republican	Primary	in	the	great	state	of	Michigan	is	SPECTACULAR!	Vote	on	August	7th.	Rarely	have	I	seen	a	candidate	with	such	great	potential.	West	Point	graduate	successful	businessman	and	a	African	American	leader...																
strong	on	crime	and	borders	loves	our	Military	our	Vets	and	our	Second	Amendment.	He	will	be	a	star.	He	has	my	full	and	total	Endorsement!																												
numbers	just	released.	Will	be	having	a	news	conference	soon!																																												
NOT	know	of	the	meeting	with	my	son	Don	jr.	Sounds	to	me	like	someone	is	trying	to	make	up	stories	in	order	to	get	himself	out	of	an	unrelated	jam	(Taxi	cabs	maybe?).	He	even	retained	Bill	and	Crooked	Hillary’s	lawyer.	Gee	I	wonder	if	they	helped	him	make	the	choice!		
Collusion	with	Russia	was	with	the	Democrats	so	now	they	are	looking	at	my	Tweets	(along	with	53	million	other	people)	-	the	rigged	Witch	Hunt	continues!	How	stupid	and	unfair	to	our	Country....And	so	the	Fake	News	doesn’t	waste	my	time	with	dumb	questions	NO....								
in	Washington	last	night	from	a	very	emotional	reopening	of	a	major	U.S.	Steel	plant	in	Granite	City	Illinois	only	to	be	greeted	with	the	ridiculous	news	that	the	highly	conflicted	Robert	Mueller	and	his	gang	of	13	Angry	Democrats	obviously	cannot	find	Collusion...										
go	Jerry.	This	is	what	the	league	should	do!	https://t.co/yEP1jK57xi																																												
of	American	Servicemen	will	soon	be	leaving	North	Korea	and	heading	to	the	United	States!	After	so	many	years	this	will	be	a	great	moment	for	so	many	families.	Thank	you	to	Kim	Jong	Un.																			
OPEN	FOR	BUSINESS	and	U.S.	Steel	is	back!	https://t.co/lJTcr6JHBW																																													
Case	Against	Impeaching	Trump”	which	I	would	encourage	all	people	with	Trump	Derangement	Syndrome	to	read!																																						
brilliant	lawyer	who	although	a	Liberal	Democrat	who	probably	didn’t	vote	for	me	has	discussed	the	Witch	Hunt	with	great	clarity	and	in	a	very	positive	way.	He	has	written	a	new	and	very	important	book...																		
https://t.co/vR2R5WXPVD																																																					
@U_S_Steel	and	Granite	City	Illinois!	https://t.co/6RsUvGF6rg																																																
States	will	impose	large	sanctions	on	Turkey	for	their	long	time	detainment	of	Pastor	Andrew	Brunson	a	great	Christian	family	man	and	wonderful	human	being.	He	is	suffering	greatly.	This	innocent	man	of	faith	should	be	released	immediately!																
great	-	on	my	way	see	you	soon	@IAGovernor	Kim	Reynolds!	https://t.co/SXfkk12Uig																																										
Dubuque	Iowa	and	then	Granite	City	Illinois.	Looking		forward	to	being	with	many	great	friends!																																						
BANNING”	prominent	Republicans.	Not	good.	We	will	look	into	this	discriminatory	and	illegal	practice	at	once!	Many	complaints.																																				
representatives	told	me	that	they	would	start	buying	soybeans	from	our	great	farmers	immediately.	Also	they	will	be	buying	vast	amounts	of	LNG!																															
be	back	on	track	with	the	European	Union.	This	was	a	big	day	for	free	and	fair	trade!																																				
Georgia!	They	say	that	my	endorsement	last	week	of	Brian	Kemp	in	the	Republican	Primary	for	Governor	against	a	very	worthy	opponent	lifted	him	from	5	points	down	to	a	70%	to	30%	victory!	Two	very	good	and	talented	men	in	a	great	race	but	congratulations	to	Brian!						
European	Union	as	represented	by	@JunckerEU	and	the	United	States	as	represented	by	yours	truly	love	each	other!	https://t.co/42ImacgCN0																																			
European	Union	Nations	will	be	open	to	the	United	States	and	at	the	same	time	benefiting	by	everything	we	are	doing	for	them.	There	was	great	warmth	and	feeling	in	the	room	-	a	breakthrough	has	been	quickly	made	that	nobody	thought	possible!											
on	Trade	today	with	@JunckerEU	and	representatives	of	the	European	Union.	We	have	come	to	a	very	strong	understanding	and	are	all	believers	in	no	tariffs	no	barriers	and	no	subsidies.	Work	on	documents	has	already	started	and	the	process	is	moving...												
very	much	working	hard!	https://t.co/cSzbFfq2NW																																																	
who	passed	away	today	was	one	of	the	most	brilliant	&amp;	successful	car	executives	since	the	days	of	the	legendary	Henry	Ford.	It	was	a	great	honor	for	me	to	get	to	know	Sergio	as	POTUS	he	loved	the	car	industry	and	fought	hard	for	it.	He	will	be	truly	missed!			
my	Administration	is	hosting	the	first-ever	#IRFMinisterial.	The	U.S.	will	continue	to	promote	#ReligiousFreedom	around	the	world.	Nations	that	support	religious	freedom	are	far	more	free	prosperous	&amp;	peaceful.	Great	job	@VP	@SecPompeo	@IRF_Ambassador	&amp;	@StateDept!																		
States	and	the	European	Union	have	a	$1 	TRILLION	bilateral	trade	relationship	–	the	largest	economic	relationship	in	the	world.	We	want	to	further	strengthen	this	trade	relationship	to	the	benefit	of	all	American	and	European	citizens...	https://t.co/4zlmEEtCpG																
Brian	Kemp	on	your	very	big	win	in	Georgia	last	night.	Wow	69-30	those	are	big	numbers.	Now	go	win	against	the	open	border	crime	loving	opponent	that	the	Democrats	have	given	you.	She	is	weak	on	Vets	the	Military	and	the	2nd	Amendment.	Win!									
of	a	lawyer	would	tape	a	client?	So	sad!	Is	this	a	first	never	heard	of	it	before?	Why	was	the	tape	so	abruptly	terminated	(cut)	while	I	was	presumably	saying	positive	things?	I	hear	there	are	other	clients	and	many	reporters	that	are	taped	-	can	this	be	so?	Too	bad!		
targeting	our	farmers	who	they	know	I	love	&amp;	respect	as	a	way	of	getting	me	to	continue	allowing	them	to	take	advantage	of	the	U.S.	They	are	being	vicious	in	what	will	be	their	failed	attempt.	We	were	being	nice	-	until	now!	China	made	$517 	Billion	on	us	last	year.		
have	people	snipping	at	your	heels	during	a	negotiation	it	will	only	take	longer	to	make	a	deal	and	the	deal	will	never	be	as	good	as	it	could	have	been	with	unity.	Negotiations	are	going	really	well	be	cool.	The	end	result	will	be	worth	it!							
I	see	a	weak	politician	asking	to	stop	Trade	talks	or	the	use	of	Tariffs	to	counter	unfair	Tariffs	I	wonder	what	can	they	be	thinking?	Are	we	just	going	to	continue	and	let	our	farmers	and	country	get	ripped	off?		Lost	$817 	Billion	on	Trade	last	year.	No	weakness!			
Hoax	The	Illicit	Scheme	To	Clear	Hillary	Clinton	&amp;	Frame	Donald	Trump”	is	a	Hot	Seller	already	Number	One!	More	importantly	it	is	a	great	book	that	everyone	is	talking	about.	It	covers	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	brilliantly.	Congratulations	to	Gregg	Jarrett!												
and	unfair	that	the	FCC	wouldn’t	approve	the	Sinclair	Broadcast	merger	with	Tribune.	This	would	have	been	a	great	and	much	needed	Conservative	voice	for	and	of	the	People.	Liberal	Fake	News	NBC	and	Comcast	gets	approved	much	bigger	but	not	Sinclair.	Disgraceful!											
Union	is	coming	to	Washington	tomorrow	to	negotiate	a	deal	on	Trade.	I	have	an	idea	for	them.	Both	the	U.S.	and	the	E.U.	drop	all	Tariffs	Barriers	and	Subsidies!	That	would	finally	be	called	Free	Market	and	Fair	Trade!	Hope	they	do	it	we	are	ready	-	but	they	won’t!			
was	my	great	honor	to	be	in	Kansas	City	Missouri	to	pay	tribute	to	the	men	and	women	who	make	FREEDOM	possible!	Thank	you	@VFWHQ!	#VFWConvention	https://t.co/E6TYsNmWO8																											
heels	of	the	VERY	successful	launch	of	the	@WhiteHouse	National	Council	for	the	American	Worker	Congress	should	reauthorize	#PerkinsCTE	and	ensure	the	American	workforce	remains	stronger	than	EVER!	#Jobs	#Workforce																								
to	thank	the	@VFWHQ	for	your	devotion	to	our	fallen	heroes	unknown	soldiers	Prisoners	of	War	those	Missing	in	Action	and	their	families.	#VFWConvention	https://t.co/15ygFhCudR																													
https://t.co/dBQx526axz																																																					
concerned	that	Russia	will	be	fighting	very	hard	to	have	an	impact	on	the	upcoming	Election.	Based	on	the	fact	that	no	President	has	been	tougher	on	Russia	than	me	they	will	be	pushing	very	hard	for	the	Democrats.	They	definitely	don’t	want	Trump!										
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
Missouri	to	be	with	many	of	my	great	friends.	VFW	here	we	come!																																									
is	doing	GREAT.	Best	financial	numbers	on	the	Planet.	Great	to	have	USA	WINNING	AGAIN!																																							
the	day	to	vote	for	Brian	Kemp.	Will	be	great	for	Georgia	full	Endorsement!	https://t.co/yPND2bJ219																																							
the	greatest!	Either	a	country	which	has	treated	the	United	States	unfairly	on	Trade	negotiates	a	fair	deal	or	it	gets	hit	with	Tariffs.	It’s	as	simple	as	that	-	and	everybody’s	talking!	Remember	we	are	the	“piggy	bank”	that’s	being	robbed.	All	will	be	Great!								
have	treated	us	unfairly	on	trade	for	years	are	all	coming	to	Washington	to	negotiate.	This	should	have	taken	place	many	years	ago	butas	the	saying	goes	better	late	than	never!																							
https://t.co/rT0WIE99yP																																																					
was	one	of	my	first	supporters.	He	is	tough	on	Crime	and	Borders.	Will	be	a	great	Senator	from	Pennsylvania.	His	opponent	is	WEAK	on	Crime	ICE	and	Borders.	We	need	Lou!	https://t.co/dcMSi4CPfb																					
do	a	great	job	for	our	Vets.	We	also	recently	won	Choice!	https://t.co/hE0GDuCBET																																									
opinion	the	Washington	Post	is	nothing	more	than	an	expensive	(the	paper	loses	a	fortune)	lobbyist	for	Amazon.	Is	it	used	as	protection	against	antitrust	claims	which	many	feel	should	be	brought?																						
Washington	Post	has	gone	crazy	against	me	ever	since	they	lost	the	Internet	Tax	Case	in	the	U.S.	Supreme	Court	two	months	ago.	Next	up	is	the	U.S.	Post	Office	which	they	use	at	a	fraction	of	real	cost	as	their	“delivery	boy”	for	a	BIG	percentage	of	their	packages....				
has	not	been	launched	by	North	Korea	in	9	months.	Likewise	no	Nuclear	Tests.	Japan	is	happy	all	of	Asia	is	happy.	But	the	Fake	News	is	saying	without	ever	asking	me	(always	anonymous	sources)	that	I	am	angry	because	it	is	not	going	fast	enough.	Wrong	very	happy!					
hear	the	Fake	News	talking	negatively	about	my	meeting	with	President	Putin	and	all	that	I	gave	up	remember	I	gave	up	NOTHING	we	merely	talked	about	future	benefits	for	both	countries.	Also	we	got	along	very	well	which	is	a	good	thing	except	for	the	Corrupt	Media!						
wasn’t	a	spy	wasn’t	an	agent	of	the	Russians	-	he	would	have	cooperated	with	the	FBI.	It	was	a	fraud	and	a	hoax	designed	to	target	Trump.”	Tom	Fitton	@JudicialWatch	A	disgrace	to	America.	They	should	drop	the	discredited	Mueller	Witch	Hunt	now!										
DOJ	FBI	and	Obama	Gang	need	to	be	held	to	account.	Source	#1	was	the	major	source.	Avoided	talking	about	it	being	the	Clinton	campaign	behind	it.	Misled	the	Court	to	provide	a	pretext	to	SPY	on	the	Trump	Team.	Not	about	Carter	Page..was	all	about	getting	Trump.....						
classified	to	cover	up	misconduct	by	the	FBI	and	the	Justice	Department	in	misleading	the	Court	by	using	this	Dossier	in	a	dishonest	way	to	gain	a	warrant	to	target	the	Trump	Team.	This	is	a	Clinton	Campaign	document.	It	was	a	fraud	and	a	hoax	designed	to	target	Trump....				
now	find	out	that	it	was	indeed	the	unverified	and	Fake	Dirty	Dossier	that	was	paid	for	by	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	and	the	DNC	that	was	knowingly	&amp;	falsely	submitted	to	FISA	and	which	was	responsible	for	starting	the	totally	conflicted	and	discredited	Mueller	Witch	Hunt!								
on	@foxandfriends	at	6:15	A.M.	NOW!	Judicial	Watch.																																														
President	Rouhani:	NEVER	EVER	THREATEN	THE	UNITED	STATES	AGAIN	OR	YOU	WILL	SUFFER	CONSEQUENCES	THE	LIKES	OF	WHICH	FEW	THROUGHOUT	HISTORY	HAVE	EVER	SUFFERED	BEFORE.	WE	ARE	NO	LONGER	A	COUNTRY	THAT	WILL	STAND	FOR	YOUR	DEMENTED	WORDS	OF	VIOLENCE	&amp;	DEATH.	BE	CAUTIOUS!										
Obama	knew	about	Russia	before	the	Election.	Why	didn’t	he	do	something	about	it?	Why	didn’t	he	tell	our	campaign?	Because	it	is	all	a	big	hoax	that’s	why	and	he	thought	Crooked	Hillary	was	going	to	win!!!																
@SenatorDole!	https://t.co/MiVoB7qC6A																																																				
a	GREAT	meeting	with	Putin	and	the	Fake	News	used	every	bit	of	their	energy	to	try	and	disparage	it.	So	bad	for	our	country!																													
@FoxNews		“Source	#1	was	the	(Fake)	Dossier.	Yes	the	Dirty	Dossier	paid	for	by	Democrats	as	a	hit	piece	against	Trump	and	looking	for	information	that	could	discredit	Candidate	#1	Trump.	Carter	Page	was	just	the	foot	to	surveil	the	Trump	campaign...”	ILLEGAL!										
-	“I	said	this	could	never	happen.	This	is	so	bad	that	they	should	be	looking	at	the	judges	who	signed	off	on	this	stuff	not	just	the	people	who	gave	it.	It	is	so	bad	it	screams	out	at	you.”		On	the	whole	FISA	scam	which	led	to	the	rigged	Mueller	Witch
&amp;	more	like	the	Trump	Campaign	for	President	was	illegally	being	spied	upon	(surveillance)	for	the	political	gain	of	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	and	the	DNC.	Ask	her	how	that	worked	out	-	she	did	better	with	Crazy	Bernie.	Republicans	must	get	tough	now.	An	illegal	Scam!								
@JudicialWatch	and	@TomFitton	on	being	successful	in	getting	the	Carter	Page	FISA	documents.	As	usual	they	are	ridiculously	heavily	redacted	but	confirm	with	little	doubt	that	the	Department	of	“Justice”	and	FBI	misled	the	courts.	Witch	Hunt	Rigged	a	Scam!														
Angeles	possible	hostage	situation	very	closely.	Active	barricaded	suspect.	L.A.P.D.	working	with	Federal	Law	Enforcement.																																							
of	Ohio	is	running	for	Congress	against	a	Nancy	Pelosi	Liberal	who	is	WEAK	on	Crime	&amp;	Borders.	Troy	is	the	total	opposite	and	loves	our	Military	Vets	&amp;	2nd	Amendment.	EARLY	VOTING	just	started	with	Election	Day	on	August	7th.	Troy	has	my	Full	&amp;	Total	Endorsement!						
who	is	running	for	Governor	of	Georgia	and	has	my	full	endorsement	is	campaigning	tonight	with	VP	@mike_pence.	Brian	is	very	strong	on	Crime	and	Borders	LOVES	our	Military	Vets	and	the	2nd	Amendment.	He	will	be	a	GREAT	Governor!														
who	is	running	for	Governor	of	Georgia	and	has	my	full	endorsement	is	campaigning	tonight	with	@MikePenceVP.	Brian	is	very	strong	on	Crime	and	Borders	LOVES	our	Military	Vets	and	the	2nd	Amendment.	He	will	be	a	GREAT	Governor!															
No	Obstruction	-	but	that	doesn’t	matter	because	the	13	Angry	Democrats	who	are	only	after	Republicans	and	totally	protecting	Democrats	want	this	Witch	Hunt	to	drag	out	to	the	November	Election.	Republicans	better	get	smart	fast	and	expose	what	they	are	doing!											
Witch	Hunt	headed	by	the	13	Angry	Democrats	(and	now	4	more	have	been	added	one	who	worked	directly	for	Obama	W.H.)	seems	intent	on	damaging	the	Republican	Party’s	chances	in	the	November	Election.	This	Democrat	excuse	for	losing	the	‘16	Election	never	ends!										
the	government	would	break	into	a	lawyer’s	office	(early	in	the	morning)	-	almost	unheard	of.	Even	more	inconceivable	that	a	lawyer	would	tape	a	client	-	totally	unheard	of	&amp;	perhaps	illegal.	The	good	news	is	that	your	favorite	President	did	nothing	wrong!										
National	Anthem	Debate	is	alive	and	well	again	-	can’t	believe	it!	Isn’t	it	in	contract	that	players	must	stand	at	attention	hand	on	heart?	The	$40,000,000 	Commissioner	must	now	make	a	stand.	First	time	kneeling	out	for	game.	Second	time	kneeling	out	for	season/no	pay!								
severely	criticized	by	the	Fake	News	Media	for	being	too	nice	to	President	Putin.	In	the	Old	Days	they	would	call	it	Diplomacy.	If	I	was	loud	&amp;	vicious	I	would	have	been	criticized	for	being	too	tough.	Remember	when	they	said	I	was	too	tough	with	Chairman	Kim?	Hypocrites!				
Should	have	been	done	years	ago!	https://t.co/TFIqsaZWBt																																															
been	on	a	downward	trend	for	15	years.	The	price	of	soybeans	has	fallen	50%	since	5	years	before	the	Election.	A	big	reason	is	bad	(terrible)	Trade	Deals	with	other	countries.	They	put	on	massive	Tariffs	and	Barriers.	Canada	charges	275%	on	Dairy.	Farmers	will	WIN!							
States	should	not	be	penalized	because	we	are	doing	so	well.	Tightening	now	hurts	all	that	we	have	done.	The	U.S.	should	be	allowed	to	recapture	what	was	lost	due	to	illegal	currency	manipulation	and	BAD	Trade	Deals.	Debt	coming	due	&amp;	we	are	raising	rates	-	Really?						
European	Union	and	others	have	been	manipulating	their	currencies	and	interest	rates	lower	while	the	U.S.	is	raising	rates	while	the	dollars	gets	stronger	and	stronger	with	each	passing	day	-	taking	away	our	big	competitive	edge.	As	usual	not	a	level	playing	field...										
sympathies	to	the	families	and	friends	of	those	involved	in	the	terrible	boat	accident	which	just	took	place	in	Missouri.	Such	a	tragedy	such	a	great	loss.	May	God	be	with	you	all!																					
Dems	and	Fake	News	ever	learn?	This	is	classic!	https://t.co/kSX3ROI4QG																																												
Russian	Meddling	MANY	TIMES”	https://t.co/T8MERS93wI																																																	
attacks	trade	Ukraine	Middle	East	peace	North	Korea	and	more.	There	are	many	answers	some	easy	and	some	hard	to	these	problems...but	they	can	ALL	be	solved!																											
Russian	Meddling	MANY	TIMES.”	https://t.co/Da8T8SUsCE																																																	
with	Russia	was	a	great	success	except	with	the	real	enemy	of	the	people	the	Fake	News	Media.	I	look	forward	to	our	second	meeting	so	that	we	can	start	implementing	some	of	the	many	things	discussed	including	stopping	terrorism	security	for	Israel	nuclear........										
you	so!	The	European	Union	just	slapped	a	Five	Billion	Dollar	fine	on	one	of	our	great	companies	Google.	They	truly	have	taken	advantage	of	the	U.S.	but	not	for	long!																							
jobs	meeting	today	at	the	White	House!	3	P.M.																																													
Russian	Meddling	MANY	TIMES.”	Thank	you	to	@foxandfriends	and	@FoxNews	for	actually	showing	the	clips.	The	Fake	News	wants	no	part	of	that	narrative!	Too	bad	they	don’t	want	to	focus	on	all	of	the	ECONOMIC	and	JOBS	records	being	set.													
News	Media	wants	so	badly	to	see	a	major	confrontation	with	Russia	even	a	confrontation	that	could	lead	to	war.	They	are	pushing	so	recklessly	hard	and	hate	the	fact	that	I’ll	probably	have	a	good	relationship	with	Putin.	We	are	doing	MUCH	better	than	any	other	country!						
News	Media	is	going	Crazy!	They	make	up	stories	without	any	backup	sources	or	proof.	Many	of	the	stories	written	about	me	and	the	good	people	surrounding	me	are	total	fiction.	Problem	is	when	you	complain	you	just	give	them	more	publicity.	But	I’ll	complain	anyway!								
have	a	death	wish	in	more	ways	than	one	-	they	actually	want	to	abolish	ICE.	This	should	cost	them	heavily	in	the	Midterms.	Yesterday	the	Republicans	overwhelmingly	passed	a	bill	supporting	ICE!																					
to	Novartis	for	not	increasing	your	prices	on	prescription	drugs.	Likewise	to	Pfizer.	We	are	making	a	big	push	to	actually	reduce	the	prices	maybe	substantially	on	prescription	drugs.																									
disgrace	that	Turkey	will	not	release	a	respected	U.S.	Pastor	Andrew	Brunson	from	prison.	He	has	been	held	hostage	far	too	long.	@RT_Erdogan	should	do	something	to	free	this	wonderful	Christian	husband	&amp;	father.	He	has	done	nothing	wrong	and	his	family	needs	him!										
biggest	opponents	of	ICE	in	America	today	are	the	Democratic	Party	and	MS-13!																																									
to	Congressman	Kevin	Yoder!	He	secured	$5 	BILLION	for	Border	Security.	Now	we	need	Congress	to	support.	Kevin	has	been	strong	on	Crime	the	Border	the	2nd	Amendment	and	he	loves	our	Military	and	Vets.	@RepKevinYoder	has	my	full	and	total	endorsement!												
is	running	for	Governor	of	the	great	state	of	Georgia.	The	Primary	is	on	Tuesday.	Brian	is	tough	on	crime	strong	on	the	border	and	illegal	immigration.	He	loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets	and	protects	our	Second	Amendment.	I	give	him	my	full	and	total	endorsement.							
jobs	created	since	our	great	Election	Victory	-	far	greater	than	ever	anticipated	and	only	getting	better	as	new	and	greatly	improved	Trade	Deals	start	coming	to	fruition!																										
HATE	the	fact	that	I	got	along	well	with	President	Putin	of	Russia.	They	would	rather	go	to	war	than	see	this.	It’s	called	Trump	Derangement	Syndrome!																											
of	Democrats	wished	they	voted	for	the	Tax	Cuts	because	the	economy	is	booming	-	we	could	have	4%	growth	now	and	the	Fed	said	yesterday	that	unemployment	could	drop	again.”		@foxandfriends		@kilmeade																			
Martha	Roby	of	The	Great	State	of	Alabama	on	her	big	GOP	Primary	win	for	Congress.	My	endorsement	came	appropriately	late	but	when	it	came	the	“flood	gates”	opened	and	you	had	the	kind	of	landslide	victory	that	you	deserve.	Enjoy!													
agreed	to	help	with	North	Korea	where	relationships	with	us	are	very	good	and	the	process	is	moving	along.	There	is	no	rush	the	sanctions	remain!	Big	benefits	and	exciting	future	for	North	Korea	at	end	of	process!																
NATO	meeting	in	Brussels	was	an	acknowledged	triumph	with	billions	of	dollars	more	being	put	up	by	member	countries	at	a	faster	pace	the	meeting	with	Russia	may	prove	to	be	in	the	long	run	an	even	greater	success.	Many	positive	things	will	come	out	of	that	meeting..						
people	at	the	higher	ends	of	intelligence	loved	my	press	conference	performance	in	Helsinki.	Putin	and	I	discussed	many	important	subjects	at	our	earlier	meeting.	We	got	along	well	which	truly	bothered	many	haters	who	wanted	to	see	a	boxing	match.	Big	results	will	come!									
returning.	Donald	Trump	is	doing	exactly	what	he	said	he	would	do	as	a	candidate	now	as	the	most	effective	president	the	most	successful	president	in	modern	American	history.”	Thank	you	to	the	great	Lou	Dobbs!																		
want	to	abolish	ICE	which	will	mean	more	crime	in	our	country.	I	want	to	give	ICE	a	big	cheer!	Vote	Republican	in	November.																														
between	President	Putin	and	myself	was	a	great	success	except	in	the	Fake	News	Media!																																							
of	the	United	States	is	stronger	than	ever	before!																																													
@RandPaul.	“The	President	has	gone	through	a	year	and	a	half	of	totally	partisan	investigations	-	what’s	he	supposed	to	think?”																																	
had	a	great	meeting	with	NATO	raising	vast	amounts	of	money	I	had	an	even	better	meeting	with	Vladimir	Putin	of	Russia.	Sadly	it	is	not	being	reported	that	way	-	the	Fake	News	is	going	Crazy!																	
a	great	meeting	with	NATO.	They	have	paid	$33 	Billion	more	and	will	pay	hundreds	of	Billions	of	Dollars	more	in	the	future	only	because	of	me.	NATO	was	weak	but	now	it	is	strong	again	(bad	for	Russia).	The	media	only	says	I	was	rude	to	leaders	never	mentions	the	money!		
@RandPaul	you	really	get	it!	“The	President	has	gone	through	a	year	and	a	half	of	totally	partisan	investigations	-	what’s	he	supposed	think?”																														
interviewed	on	@seanhannity	tonight	at	9pmE	and	@TuckerCarlson	tomorrow	night	at	8pmE.	Enjoy!																																									
dialogue	is	not	only	good	for	the	United	States	and	good	for	Russia	but	it	is	good	for	the	world.	#HELSINKI2018	https://t.co/Q2Y1PhM9au																																
rather	take	a	political	risk	in	pursuit	of	peace	than	to	risk	peace	in	pursuit	of	politics.	#HELSINKI2018	https://t.co/XdlrJWLPIh																																			
said	today	and	many	times	before	“I	have	GREAT	confidence	in	MY	intelligence	people.”	However	I	also	recognize	that	in	order	to	build	a	brighter	future	we	cannot	exclusively	focus	on	the	past	–	as	the	world’s	two	largest	nuclear	powers	we	must	get	along!	#HELSINKI2018								
Helsinki	Finland!	https://t.co/rh4NUjPSwU																																																			
Conference	from	Helsinki	Finland:	https://t.co/fadLMDuGiY																																																	
an	honor	to	join	you	this	morning.	Thank	you!	https://t.co/NOUTroe8MV																																												
with	Russia	has	NEVER	been	worse	thanks	to	many	years	of	U.S.	foolishness	and	stupidity	and	now	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt!																																	
thought	that	Crooked	Hillary	was	going	to	win	the	election	so	when	he	was	informed	by	the	FBI	about	Russian	Meddling	he	said	it	couldn’t	happen	was	no	big	deal	&amp;	did	NOTHING	about	it.	When	I	won	it	became	a	big	deal	and	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	headed	by	Strzok!			
calls	from	leaders	of	NATO	countries	thanking	me	for	helping	to	bring	them	together	and	to	get	them	focused	on	financial	obligations	both	present	&amp;	future.	We	had	a	truly	great	Summit	that	was	inaccurately	covered	by	much	of	the	media.	NATO	is	now	strong	&amp;	rich!							
France	who	played	extraordinary	soccer	on	winning	the	2018	World	Cup.	Additionally	congratulations	to	President	Putin	and	Russia	for	putting	on	a	truly	great	World	Cup	Tournament	--	one	of	the	best	ever!																					
to	do	is	resist	and	obstruct!	This	is	why	there	is	such	hatred	and	dissension	in	our	country	–	but	at	some	point	it	will	heal!																												
years	I	would	return	to	criticism	that	it	wasn’t	good	enough	–	that	I	should	have	gotten	Saint	Petersburg	in	addition!	Much	of	our	news	media	is	indeed	the	enemy	of	the	people	and	all	the	Dems...																	
Helsinki	Finland	–	looking	forward	to	meeting	with	President	Putin	tomorrow.	Unfortunately	no	matter	how	well	I	do	at	the	Summit	if	I	was	given	the	great	city	of	Moscow	as	retribution	for	all	of	the	sins	and	evils	committed	by	Russia...												
been	a	missile	or	rocket	fired	in	9	months	in	North	Korea	there	have	been	no	nuclear	tests	and	we	got	back	our	hostages.	Who	knows	how	it	will	all	turn	out	in	the	end	but	why	isn’t	the	Fake	News	talking	about	these	wonderful	facts?	Because	it	is	FAKE	NEWS!			
individuals	did	their	work	during	the	Obama	years.	Why	didn’t	Obama	do	something	about	it?		Because	he	thought	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	would	win	that’s	why.	Had	nothing	to	do	with	the	Trump	Administration	but	Fake	News	doesn’t	want	to	report	the	truth	as	usual!									
are	with	those	affected	by	the	flooding	in	Japan.	We	commend	the	rescue	efforts	and	offer	condolences	to	all	who	were	injured	or	lost	loved	ones.	https://t.co/AIgJMyT7qS																											
was	Little	Jeff	Z	and	his	people	who	are	told	exactly	what	to	say	who	said	I	could	not	win	the	election	in	that	“there	was	no	way	to	270”	(over	&amp;	over	again)	in	the	Electoral	College.	I	got	306!	They	were	sooooo	wrong	in	their	election	coverage.	Still	hurting!			
I	just	checked	out	Fake	News	CNN	for	the	first	time	in	a	long	time	(they	are	dying	in	the	ratings)	to	see	if	they	covered	my	takedown	yesterday	of	Jim	Acosta	(actually	a	nice	guy).	They	didn’t!	But	they	did	say	I	already	lost	in	my	meeting	with	Putin.	Fake	News......		
you	heard	about	the	12	Russians	yesterday	took	place	during	the	Obama	Administration	not	the	Trump	Administration.	Why	didn’t	they	do	something	about	it	especially	when	it	was	reported	that	President	Obama	was	informed	by	the	FBI	in	September	before	the	Election?												
the	DNC	Server	and	why	didn’t	the	FBI	take	possession	of	it?	Deep	State?																																								
you	heard	about	the	12	Russians	yesterday	took	place	during	the	Obama	Administration	not	the	Trump	Administrations.	Why	didn’t	they	do	something	about	it	especially	when	it	was	reported	that	President	Obama	was	informed	by	the	FBI	in	September	before	the	Election?												
Market	hit	25000	yesterday.	Jobs	are	at	an	all	time	record	-	and	that	is	before	we	fix	some	of	the	worst	trade	deals	and	conditions	ever	seen	by	any	government.	It	is	all	happening!																			
arrived	in	Scotland	and	will	be	at	Trump	Turnberry	for	two	days	of	meetings	calls	and	hopefully	some	golf	-	my	primary	form	of	exercise!	The	weather	is	beautiful	and	this	place	is	incredible!	Tomorrow	I	go	to	Helsinki	for	a	Monday	meeting	with	Vladimir	Putin.								
now	changing	-	for	the	first	time!	https://t.co/bRgrMbdDPp																																														
																																																					
Conference	with	Prime	Minister	Theresa	May...https://t.co/XQLkayYKlM																																																
Gaetz	of	Florida	is	one	of	the	finest	and	most	talented	people	in	Congress.	Strong	on	Crime	the	Border	Illegal	Immigration	the	2nd	Amendment	our	great	Military	&amp;	Vets	Matt	worked	tirelessly	on	helping	to	get	our	Massive	Tax	Cuts.	He	has	my	Full	Endorsement!									
today	at	NATO!	Billions	of	additional	dollars	paid	by	members	since	my	election.	Great	spirit!																																							
nice	note	from	Chairman	Kim	of	North	Korea.	Great	progress	being	made!	https://t.co/6NI6AqL0xt																																									
been	the	most	consequential	president	in	history	when	it	comes	to	minority	employment.	In	June	for	instance	the	unemployment	rate	for	Hispanics	and	Latinos	16	years	and	older	fell	to	4.60%	its	lowest	level	ever	from	4.90%	in	May.”	https://t.co/ex9jizOyAV														
#NATO2018!	https://t.co/nk85QBv1u7																																																				
Conference	in	Brussels	Belgium:https://t.co/iEOeGV6YBI																																																		
of	it	all	Germany	just	started	paying	Russia	the	country	they	want	protection	from	Billions	of	Dollars	for	their	Energy	needs	coming	out	of	a	new	pipeline	from	Russia.	Not	acceptable!	All	NATO	Nations	must	meet	their	2%	commitment	and	that	must	ultimately	go	to	4%!								
been	trying	unsuccessfully	for	years	to	get	Germany	and	other	rich	NATO	Nations	to	pay	more	toward	their	protection	from	Russia.	They	pay	only	a	fraction	of	their	cost.	The	U.S.	pays	tens	of	Billions	of	Dollars	too	much	to	subsidize	Europe	and	loses	Big	on	Trade!							
head	out	to	a	very	important	NATO	meeting	I	see	that	FBI	Lover/Agent	Lisa	Page	is	dodging	a	Subpoena	&amp;	is	refusing	to	show	up	and	testify.	What	can	she	possibly	say	about	her	statements	and	lies.	So	much	corruption	on	the	other	side.	Where	is	the	Attorney	General?	@FoxNews				
additional	dollars	are	being	spent	by	NATO	countries	since	my	visit	last	year	at	my	request	but	it	isn’t	nearly	enough.	U.S.	spends	too	much.	Europe’s	borders	are	BAD!	Pipeline	dollars	to	Russia	are	not	acceptable!																		
the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	proceed	when	it	was	started	influenced	and	worked	on	for	an	extended	period	of	time	by	former	FBI	Agent/Lover	Peter	Strzok?	Read	his	hate	filled	and	totally	biased	Emails	and	the	answer	is	clear!																
Lisa	Page	today	defied	a	House	of	Representatives	issued	Subpoena	to	testify	before	Congress!	Wow	but	is	anybody	really	surprised!		Together	with	her	lover	FBI	Agent	Peter	Strzok	she	worked	on	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	perhaps	the	most	tainted	and	corrupt	case	EVER!										
Democrats	want	to	win	Supreme	Court	and	other	Court	picks	don’t	Obstruct	and	Resist	but	rather	do	it	the	good	ol’	fashioned	way	WIN	ELECTIONS!																													
is	NATO	if	Germany	is	paying	Russia	billions	of	dollars	for	gas	and	energy?	Why	are	there	only	5	out	of	29	countries	that	have	met	their	commitment?	The	U.S.	is	paying	for	Europe’s	protection	then	loses	billions	on	Trade.	Must	pay	2%	of	GDP	IMMEDIATELY	not	by	2025					
is	NATO	if	Germany	is	paying	Russia	billions	of	dollars	for	gas	and	energy?	Why	are	their	only	5	out	of	29	countries	that	have	met	their	commitment?	The	U.S.	is	paying	for	Europe’s	protection	then	loses	billions	on	Trade.	Must	pay	2%	of	GDP	IMMEDIATELY	not	by	2025					
Congress	must	no	longer	Obstruct	-	vote	to	fix	our	terrible	Immigration	Laws	now.	I	am	watching	what	is	going	on	from	Europe	-	it	would	be	soooo	simple	to	fix.	Judges	run	the	system	and	illegals	and	traffickers	know	how	it	works.	They	are	just	using	children!						
better	than	ever	before	but	it	can’t	go	too	quickly.	I	am	fighting	for	a	level	playing	field	for	our	farmers	and	will	win!																														
in	Brussels	but	always	thinking	about	our	farmers.	Soy	beans	fell	50%	from	2012	to	my	election.	Farmers	have	done	poorly	for	15	years.	Other	countries’	trade	barriers	and	tariffs	have	been	destroying	their	businesses.	I	will	open...																
with	NATO	Secretary	General	in	Brussels	Belgium...	https://t.co/l0EP3lzhCM																																														
with	Pfizer	CEO	and	@SecAzar	on	our	drug	pricing	blueprint.	Pfizer	is	rolling	back	price	hikes	so	American	patients	don’t	pay	more.	We	applaud	Pfizer	for	this	decision	and	hope	other	companies	do	the	same.	Great	news	for	the	American	people!													
Union	makes	it	impossible	for	our	farmers	and	workers	and	companies	to	do	business	in	Europe	(U.S.	has	a	$151 	Billion	trade	deficit)	and	then	they	want	us	to	happily	defend	them	through	NATO	and	nicely	pay	for	it.	Just	doesn’t	work!												
Emerson	College	ePoll	said	that	most	Americans	especially	Hispanics	feel	that	they	are	better	off	under	President	Trump	than	they	were	under	President	Obama.																														
in	NATO	which	we	are	expected	to	defend	are	not	only	short	of	their	current	commitment	of	2%	(which	is	low)	but	are	also	delinquent	for	many	years	in	payments	that	have	not	been	made.	Will	they	reimburse	the	U.S.?														
Republican	Senators	of	my	nomination	of	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh.	#SCOTUS	https://t.co/O5cAaVAtQt																																											
on	Air	Force	One	flying	to	NATO	and	hear	reports	that	the	FBI	lovers	Peter	Strzok	and	Lisa	Page	are	getting	cold	feet	on	testifying	about		the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	headed	by	13	Angry	Democrats	and	people	that	worked	for	Obama	for	8	years.	Total	disgrace!							
of	the	United	States	congratulations	to	the	Thai	Navy	SEALs	and	all	on	the	successful	rescue	of	the	12	boys	and	their	coach	from	the	treacherous	cave	in	Thailand.	Such	a	beautiful	moment	-	all	freed	great	job!																
to	all	of	my	great	supporters	really	big	progress	being	made.	Other	countries	wanting	to	fix	crazy	trade	deals.	Economy	is	ROARING.	Supreme	Court	pick	getting	GREAT	REVIEWS.	New	Poll	says	Trump	at	over	90%	is	the	most	popular	Republican	in	history	of	the	Party.	Wow!								
must	pay	MORE	the	United	States	must	pay	LESS.	Very	Unfair!																																											
to	leave	for	Europe.	First	meeting	-	NATO.	The	U.S.	is	spending	many	times	more	than	any	other	country	in	order	to	protect	them.	Not	fair	to	the	U.S.	taxpayer.	On	top	of	that	we	lose	$151 	Billion	on	Trade	with	the	European	Union.	Charge	us	big	Tariffs	(&amp;	Barriers)!				
was	my	honor	and	privilege	to	nominate	Judge	Brett	Kavanaugh	to	the	United	States	Supreme	Court.	#SCOTUS	https://t.co/97clc9zifm																																				
BIRTHDAY	to	our	amazing	current	and	former	Army	Warrant	Officers.	Thank	you	for	your	century	of	service	as	the	indispensable	guardians	of	our	great	@USArmy’s	technology!	#CenturyOfService	https://t.co/hD42XseaTG																										
others	should	be	ashamed	that	they	have	raised	drug	prices	for	no	reason.	They	are	merely	taking	advantage	of	the	poor	&amp;	others	unable	to	defend	themselves	while	at	the	same	time	giving	bargain	basement	prices	to	other	countries	in	Europe	&amp;	elsewhere.	We	will	respond!								
NY	Times	Fake	News	story	today	about	breast	feeding	must	be	called	out.	The	U.S.	strongly	supports	breast	feeding	but	we	don’t	believe	women	should	be	denied	access	to	formula.	Many	women	need	this	option	because	of	malnutrition	and	poverty.														
confidence	that	Kim	Jong	Un	will	honor	the	contract	we	signed	&amp;	even	more	importantly	our	handshake.	We	agreed	to	the	denuclearization	of	North	Korea.	China	on	the	other	hand	may	be	exerting	negative	pressure	on	a	deal	because	of	our	posture	on	Chinese	Trade-Hope	Not!								
long	heard	that	the	most	important	decision	a	U.S.	President	can	make	is	the	selection	of	a	Supreme	Court	Justice	-	Will	be	announced	tonight	at	9:00	P.M.																										
more	than	it	does	the	U.S.	By	some	accounts	the	U.S.	is	paying	for	90%	of	NATO	with	many	countries	nowhere	close	to	their	2%	commitment.	On	top	of	this	the	European	Union	has	a	Trade	Surplus	of	$151 	Million	with	the	U.S.	with	big	Trade	Barriers	on	U.S.	goods.	NO!			
States	is	spending	far	more	on	NATO	than	any	other	Country.	This	is	not	fair	nor	is	it	acceptable.	While	these	countries	have	been	increasing	their	contributions	since	I	took	office	they	must	do	much	more.	Germany	is	at	1%	the	U.S.	is	at	4%	and	NATO	benefits.......						
didn't	get	it	but	they	do	now!	https://t.co/9T50NupkDy																																														
to	announcing	my	final	decision	on	the	United	States	Supreme	Court	Justice	at	9:00pmE	tomorrow	night	at	the	@WhiteHouse.	An	exceptional	person	will	be	chosen!																													
of	U.S.	Warships:2015:	222016:	362017:	142018:	0Source:	@USNavy																																														
is	working	very	closely	with	the	Government	of	Thailand	to	help	get	all	of	the	children	out	of	the	cave	and	to	safety.	Very	brave	and	talented	people!																										
Witch	Hunt	originally	headed	by	FBI	lover	boy	Peter	S	(for	one	year)	&amp;	now	13	Angry	Democrats	should	look	into	the	missing	DNC	Server	Crooked	Hillary’s	illegally	deleted	Emails	the	Pakistani	Fraudster	Uranium	One	Podesta	&amp;	so	much	more.	It’s	a	Democrat	Con	Job!									
has	turned	strongly	against	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	and	the	“Special”	Counsel	because	the	public	understands	that	there	was	no		Collusion	with	Russia	(so	ridiculous)	that	the	two	FBI	lovers	were	a	fraud	against	our	Nation	&amp;	that	the	only	Collusion	was	with	the	Dems!								
has	turned	strongly	against	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	and	the	“Special”	Councel	because	the	public	understands	that	there	was	no		Collusion	with	Russia	(so	ridiculous)	that	the	two	FBI	lovers	were	a	fraud	against	our	Nation	&amp;	that	the	only	Collusion	was	with	the	Dems!								
will	soon	be	made	on	our	next	Justice	of	the	Supreme	Court!																																										
getting	rid	of	fake	accounts	at	a	record	pace.	Will	that	include	the	Failing	New	York	Times	and	propaganda	machine	for	Amazon	the	Washington	Post	who	constantly	quote	anonymous	sources	that	in	my	opinion	don’t	exist	-	They	will	both	be	out	of	business	in	7	years!							
lawsuit	filed	by	the	DNC	and	a	bunch	of	Democrat	crazies	trying	to	claim	the	Trump	Campaign	(and	others)	colluded	with	Russia.	They	haven’t	figured	out	that	this	was	an	excuse	for	them	losing	the	election!																		
JOBS!	https://t.co/Tz2PQ2xetT																																																				
REPUBLICAN	LEADERSHIP	America	is	WINNING	AGAIN	-	and	America	is	being	RESPECTED	again	all	over	the	world.	Because	we	are	finally	putting	AMERICA	FIRST!																														
the	brave	men	and	women	of	ICE	are	liberating	communities	from	savage	gangs	like	MS-13.	We	will	NOT	stand	for	these	vile	Democrat	smears	in	law	enforcement.	We	will	always	stand	proudly	with	the	BRAVE	HEROES	of	ICE	and	BORDER	PATROL!													
for	Democrats	in	November	is	a	vote	to	let	MS-13	run	wild	in	our	communities	to	let	drugs	pour	into	our	cities	and	to	take	jobs	and	benefits	away	from	hardworking	Americans.	Democrats	want	anarchy	amnesty	and	chaos	-	Republicans	want	LAW	ORDER	and	JUSTICE!									
my	great	honor	to	join	proud	hardworking	American	Patriots	in	Montana	tonight.	I	love	you	-	thank	you!	#MAGA	https://t.co/475ct7hW3D																																		
assume	duties	as	the	acting	Administrator	of	the	EPA.	I	have	no	doubt	that	Andy	will	continue	on	with	our	great	and	lasting	EPA	agenda.	We	have	made	tremendous	progress	and	the	future	of	the	EPA	is	very	bright!															
accepted	the	resignation	of	Scott	Pruitt	as	the	Administrator	of	the	Environmental	Protection	Agency.	Within	the	Agency	Scott	has	done	an	outstanding	job	and	I	will	always	be	thankful	to	him	for	this.	The	Senate	confirmed	Deputy	at	EPA	Andrew	Wheeler	will...												
FIX	OUR	INSANE	IMMIGRATION	LAWS	NOW!																																																
forced	to	endure	a	long	and	costly	trial.	Tell	the	people	“OUT”	and	they	must	leave	just	as	they	would	if	they	were	standing	on	your	front	lawn.	Hiring	thousands	of	“judges”	does	not	work	and	is	not	acceptable	-	only	Country	in	the	World	that	does	this!						
pass	smart	fast	and	reasonable	Immigration	Laws	now.	Law	Enforcement	at	the	Border	is	doing	a	great	job	but	the	laws	they	are	forced	to	work	with	are	insane.	When	people	with	or	without	children	enter	our	Country	they	must	be	told	to	leave	without	our........								
America!	https://t.co/SIi6xXsfof																																																				
Monopoly	must	remember	that	gas	prices	are	up	&amp;	they	are	doing	little	to	help.	If	anything	they	are	driving	prices	higher	as	the	United	States	defends	many	of	their	members	for	very	little	$’s.	This	must	be	a	two	way	street.	REDUCE	PRICING	NOW!									
																																																					
of	July....Our	Country	is	doing	GREAT!																																																
across	our	Nation	will	gather	to	celebrate	the	Fourth	of	July.	As	we	do	we	will	think	of	the	men	&amp;	women	serving	overseas	at	this	very	moment	far	away	from	their	families	protecting	America	-	&amp;	we	will	thank	GOD	for	blessing	us	with	these	incredible	HEROES!	https://t.co/FQ1D7oEta2					
because	of	the	sweat	blood	and	sacrifice	of	the	American	Armed	Forces	–	the	greatest	force	for	peace	and	justice	in	the	history	of	the	world!																												
gathered	to	celebrate	the	courageous	men	and	women	who	make	freedom	possible:	our	brave	service	members	and	our	wonderful	Veterans.	For	242	years	American	Independence...																													
@WVGovernor	Jim	Justice	for	that	warm	introduction.	Tonight	it	was	my	great	honor	to	attend	the	“Greenbrier	Classic	–	Salute	to	Service	Dinner”	in	West	Virginia!	God	Bless	our	Veterans.	God	Bless	America	-	and	HAPPY	INDEPENDENCE	DAY	TO	ALL!	https://t.co/V35qvCN8m6													
written	many	best	selling	books	and	somewhat	priding	myself	on	my	ability	to	write	it	should	be	noted	that	the	Fake	News	constantly	likes	to	pore	over	my	tweets	looking	for	a	mistake.	I	capitalize	certain	words	only	for	emphasis	not	b/c	they	should	be	capitalized!								
in	West	Virginia!	https://t.co/yjI0Xl5rMh																																																		
Post	is	constantly	quoting	“anonymous	sources”	that	do	not	exist.	Rarely	do	they	use	the	name	of	anyone	because	there	is	no	one	to	give	them	the	kind	of	negative	quote	that	they	are	looking	for.	They	are	a	disgrace	to	journalism	but	then	again	so	are	many	others!					
West	Virginia	to	be	with	my	friend	@WVGovernor	Jim	Justice	at	his	beautiful	Greenbrier	Resort.	He	works	hard	does	a	great	job	and	raises	lots	of	money	for	charities!																									
written	many	best	selling	books	and	somewhat	priding	myself	on	my	ability	to	write	it	should	be	noted	that	the	Fake	News	constantly	likes	to	pour	over	my	tweets	looking	for	a	mistake.	I	capitalize	certain	words	only	for	emphasis	not	b/c	they	should	be	capitalized!								
Post	is	constantly	quoting	“anonymous	sources”	that	do	not	exist.	Rarely	do	they	use	the	name	of	anyone	because	there	is	no	one	to	give	them	the	kind	of	negative	quote	that	they	are	looking	for.	They	are	a	discgrace	to	journalism	but	then	again	so	are	many	others!					
NSA	has	deleted	685	million	phone	calls	and	text	messages.	Privacy	violations?	They	blame	technical	irregularities.	Such	a	disgrace.	The	Witch	Hunt	continues!																															
Harley-Davidson	is	moving	part	of	its	operation	out	of	the	U.S.	my	Administration	is	working	with	other	Motor	Cycle	companies	who	want	to	move	into	the	U.S.	Harley	customers	are	not	happy	with	their	move	-	sales	are	down	7%	in	2017	The	U.S.	is	where	the	Action	is!					
that	the	Obama	Administration	granted	citizenship	during	the	terrible	Iran	Deal	negotiation	to	2500	Iranians	-	including	to	government	officials.	How	big	(and	bad)	is	that?																												
conversations	with	North	Korea-it	is	going	well!	In	the	meantime	no	Rocket	Launches	or	Nuclear	Testing	in	8	months.	All	of	Asia	is	thrilled.	Only	the	Opposition	Party	which	includes	the	Fake	News	is	complaining.	If	not	for	me	we	would	now	be	at	War	with	North	Korea!						
the	Democrats	who	are	weak	on	the	Border	and	weak	on	Crime	do	well	in	November.	The	people	of	our	Country	want	and	demand	Safety	and	Security	while	the	Democrats	are	more	interested	in		ripping	apart	and	demeaning	(and	not	properly	funding)	our	great	Law	Enforcement!							
have	an	“infestation”	of	MS-13	GANGS	in	certain	parts	of	our	country	who	do	we	send	to	get	them	out?	ICE!	They	are	tougher	and	smarter	than	these	rough	criminal	elelments	that	bad	immigration	laws	allow	into	our	country.	Dems	do	not	appreciate	the	great	job	they	do!	Nov.					
is	doing	perhaps	better	than	ever	before	and	that’s	prior	to	fixing	some	of	the	worst	and	most	unfair	Trade	Deals	ever	made	by	any	country.	In	any	event	they	are	coming	along	very	well.	Most	countries	agree	that	they	must	be	changed	but	nobody	ever	asked!							
4	very	impressive	people	yesterday.	On	Monday	I	will	be	announcing	my	decision	for	Justice	of	the	United	States	Supreme	Court!																																	
Waters	said	by	some	to	be	one	of	the	most	corrupt	people	in	politics	is	rapidly	becoming	together	with	Nancy	Pelosi	the	FACE	of	the	Democrat	Party.	Her	ranting	and	raving	even	referring	to	herself	as	a	wounded	animal	will	make	people	flee	the	Democrats!									
are	deeply	concerned	about	the	fact	that	their	“leadership”	wants	to	denounce	and	abandon	the	great	men	and	women	of	ICE	thereby	declaring	war	on	Law	&amp;	Order.	These	people	will	be	voting	for	Republicans	in	November	and	in	many	cases	joining	the	Republican	Party!									
was	my	great	honor	to	welcome	Prime	Minister	Mark	Rutte	of	the	Netherlands	to	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/Zn6ZLM0tzy																																					
Andres	Manuel	Lopez	Obrador	on	becoming	the	next	President	of	Mexico.	I	look	very	much	forward	to	working	with	him.	There	is	much	to	be	done	that	will	benefit	both	the	United	States	and	Mexico!																			
week	especially	with	our	numerous	victories	in	the	Supreme	Court.	Heading	back	to	the	White	House	now.	Focus	will	be	on	the	selection	of	a	new	Supreme	Court	Justice.	Exciting	times	for	our	country.	Economy	may	be	stronger	than	it	has	ever	been!											
Left	also	known	as	the	Democrats	want	to	get	rid	of	ICE	who	do	a	fantastic	job	and	want	Open	Borders.	Crime	would	be	rampant	and	uncontrollable!	Make	America	Great	Again																							
be	interviewed	by	@MariaBartiromo	at	10:00	A.M.	on	@FoxNews																																													
come	into	our	Country	illegally	we	must	IMMEDIATELY	escort	them	back	out	without	going	through	years	of	legal	maneuvering.	Our	laws	are	the	dumbest	anywhere	in	the	world.	Republicans	want	Strong	Borders	and	no	Crime.	Dems	want	Open	Borders	and	are	weak	on	Crime!										
be	interviewed	by	@MariaBartiromo	on	Sunday	on	@FoxNews	at	10:00	A.	M.	Enjoy!																																									
need	to	elect	more	Republicans	in	November	or	Republicans	must	end	the	ridiculous	60	vote	or	Filibuster	rule	-	or	better	yet	do	both.	Cryin’	Chuck	would	do	it	on	day	one	but	we’ll	never	give	him	the	chance.	Some	great	legislation	awaits	-	be	smart!								
pushed	the	Republicans	in	the	House	to	vote	for	the	Immigration	Bill	either	GOODLATTE	1	or	2	because	it	could	never	have	gotten	enough	Democrats	as	long	as	there	is	the	60	vote	threshold.	I	released	many	prior	to	the	vote	knowing	we	need	more	Republicans	to	win	in	Nov.				
of	mine	and	a	man	who	has	truly	seen	politics	and	life	as	few	others	ever	will	Sean	Spicer	has	written	a	great	new	book	“The	Briefing:	Politics	the	Press	and	the	President.”	It	is	a	story	told	with	both	heart	and	knowledge.	Really	good	go	get	it!						
be	making	my	choice	for	Justice	of	the	United	States	Supreme	Court	on	the	first	Monday	after	the	July	4th	Holiday	July	9th!																															
to	King	Salman	of	Saudi	Arabia	and	explained	to	him	that	because	of	the	turmoil	&amp;	disfunction	in	Iran	and	Venezuela	I	am	asking	that	Saudi	Arabia	increase	oil	production	maybe	up	to	2000000	barrels	to	make	up	the	difference...Prices	to	high!	He	has	agreed!									
great	and	brave	men	and	women	of	ICE	do	not	worry	or	lose	your	spirit.	You	are	doing	a	fantastic	job	of	keeping	us	safe	by	eradicating	the	worst	criminal	elements.	So	brave!	The	radical	left	Dems	want	you	out.	Next	it	will	be	all	police.	Zero	chance	It	will	never	happen!		
are	making	a	strong	push	to	abolish	ICE	one	of	the	smartest	toughest	and	most	spirited	law	enforcement	groups	of	men	and	women	that	I	have	ever	seen.	I	have	watched	ICE	liberate	towns	from	the	grasp	of	MS-13	&amp;	clean	out	the	toughest	of	situations.	They	are	great!					
plant	being	built	by	Foxconn	in	Wisconsin	is	incredible.	Congratulations	to	the	people	of	Wisconsin	and	to	Governor	Scott	Walker	@GovWalker	and	his	talented	representatives	for	having	pulled	it	off.	Great	job!																						
after	our	TAX	CUTS	more	than	6	MILLION	workers	have	received	bonuses	pay	raises	and	retirement	account	contributions.#TaxCutsandJobsAct	https://t.co/MevjwIINGU																																			
any	further	today	I	want	to	address	the	horrific	shooting	that	took	place	yesterday	at	the	Capital	Gazette	newsroom	in	Annapolis	Maryland.	This	attack	shocked	the	conscience	of	our	Nation	and	filled	our	hearts	with	grief...	https://t.co/LALXGhk04b																	
departing	Wisconsin	I	was	briefed	on	the	shooting	at	Capital	Gazette	in	Annapolis	Maryland.	My	thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	the	victims	and	their	families.	Thank	you	to	all	of	the	First	Responders	who	are	currently	on	the	scene.															
OPEN	FOR	BUSINESS!	https://t.co/fuRF2Z6CZl																																																		
broke	ground	on	a	plant	that	will	provide	jobs	for	up	to	15000	Wisconsin	Workers!	As	Foxconn	has	discovered	there	is	no	better	place	to	build	hire	and	grow	than	right	here	in	the	United	States!	https://t.co/tOFFodZYvK																	
in	Milwaukee	Wisconsin	for	meetings.	Soon	to	leave	for	a	big	groundbreaking	for	Foxconn	which	is	building	a	great	new	electronics	plant	in	Wisconsin.	15000	Jobs	so	great!																										
old	and/or	totally	unrelated	charges	(there	was	no	collusion	and	there	was	no	obstruction	of	the	no	collusion)...And	what	is	going	on	in	the	FBI	&amp;	DOJ	with	Crooked	Hillary	the	DNC	and	all	of	the	lies?	A	disgraceful	situation!														
Bob	Mueller	going	to	list	his	Conflicts	of	Interest?	Why	has	it	taken	so	long?	Will	they	be	listed	at	the	top	of	his	$22,000,000 	Report...And	what	about	the	13	Angry	Democrats	will	they	list	their	conflicts	with	Crooked	H?	How	many	people	will	be	sent	to	jail	and......					
worked	as	the	leader	of	the	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	for	a	long	period	of	time	-	he	got	it	started	and	was	only	fired	because	the	gig	was	up.	But	remember	he	took	his	orders	from	Comey	and	McCabe	and	they	took	their	orders	from	you	know	who.	Mueller/Comey	best	friends!			
@SharkGregNorman	on	@foxandfriends.	Said	“President	is	doing	a	great	job.	All	over	the	world	people	want	to	come	back	to	the	U.S.”	Thank	you	Greg	and	you’re	looking	and	doing	great!																							
Women	for	Trump	was	so	great	on	@foxandfriends.	Brave	and	very	smart	thank	you	Amy!	@AmyKremer																																						
to	say	they	had	nothing	to	do	with	Meddling	in	our	Election!	Where	is	the	DNC	Server	and	why	didn’t	Shady	James	Comey	and	the	now	disgraced	FBI	agents	take	and	closely	examine	it?	Why	isn’t	Hillary/Russia	being	looked	at?	So	many	questions	so	much	corruption!								
Agent	Peter	Strzok	was	given	poor	marks	on	yesterday’s	closed	door	testimony	and	according	to	most	reports	refused	to	answer	many	questions.	There	was	no	Collusion	and	the	Witch	Hunt	headed	by	13	Angry	Democrats	and	others	who	are	totally	conflicted	is	Rigged!											
days	we	have	heard	shameless	attacks	on	our	courageous	law	enforcement	officers.	Extremist	Democrat	politicians	have	called	for	the	complete	elimination	of	ICE.	Leftwing	Activists	are	trying	to	block	ICE	officers	from	doing	their	jobs	and	publicly	posting	their...															
–	putting	these	selfless	public	servants	in	harm’s	way.	These	radical	protesters	want	ANARCHY	–	but	the	only	response	they	will	find	from	our	government	is	LAW	AND	ORDER!																									
North	Dakota.	Together	we	are	MAKING	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#MAGA	https://t.co/6Am9n6px8I																																									
in	North	Dakota	with	@SenJohnHoeven	and	@RepKevinCramer.	We	will	see	everyone	at	Scheels	Arena	shortly!	https://t.co/pakUigKB61																																						
was	my	great	honor	to	welcome	President	Marcelo	Rebelo	de	Sousa	of	Portugal	to	the	@WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇵🇹	https://t.co/yd37K4Ei8R																																					
North	Dakota	to	fully	stand	with	and	endorse	Kevin	Cramer	for	Senate.	He	is	an	extraordinary	Congressman	who	will	hopefully	soon	represent	this	great	state	as	your	Senator.	He	is	tough	on	crime	strong	on	borders	loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets!	#NDSen	https://t.co/uP95m0sIRP										
Justice	Anthony	Kennedy.	#SCOTUS	https://t.co/8aWJ6fWemA																																																	
was	thrilled	to	join	student	leaders	from	Colleges	and	Universities	across	the	country...	https://t.co/OQp3NcOeE4																																								
stay	100%	in	America	with	the	people	that	got	you	your	success.	I’ve	done	so	much	for	you	and	then	this.	Other	companies	are	coming	back	where	they	belong!	We	won’t	forget	and	neither	will	your	customers	or	your	now	very	HAPPY	competitors!											
rules	in	favor	of	non-union	workers	who	are	now	as	an	example	able	to	support	a	candidate	of	his	or	her	choice	without	having	those	who	control	the	Union	deciding	for	them.	Big	loss	for	the	coffers	of	the	Democrats!														
SHOULD	PASS	THE	STRONG	BUT	FAIR	IMMIGRATION	BILL	KNOWN	AS	GOODLATTE	II	IN	THEIR	AFTERNOON	VOTE	TODAY	EVEN	THOUGH	THE	DEMS	WON’T	LET	IT	PASS	IN	THE	SENATE.	PASSAGE	WILL	SHOW	THAT	WE	WANT	STRONG	BORDERS	&amp;	SECURITY	WHILE	THE	DEMS	WANT	OPEN	BORDERS	=	CRIME.		WIN!						
Maxine	Waters	whose	crazy	rants	have	made	her	together	with	Nancy	Pelosi	the	unhinged	FACE	of	the	Democrat	Party.	Together	they	will	Make	America	Weak	Again!	But	have	no	fear	America	is	now	stronger	than	ever	before	and	I’m	not	going	anywhere!												
conclusive	win	by	Mitt	Romney.	Congratulations!	I	look	forward	to	working	together	-	there	is	so	much	good	to	do.	A	great	and	loving	family	will	be	coming	to	D.C.																								
Gary	Player	at	Turnberry	in	Scotland!	https://t.co/3oGoqWhhtA																																															
First	Lady!	https://t.co/Pt35aluI4C																																																			
are	in	Turmoil!	Open	Borders	and	unchecked	Crime	a	certain	way	to	lose	elections.	Republicans	are	for	Strong	Borders	NO	Crime!	A	BIG	NIGHT!																														
Trump	Hater	Congressman	Joe	Crowley	who	many	expected	was	going	to	take	Nancy	Pelosi’s	place	just	LOST	his	primary	election.	In	other	words	he’s	out!	That	is	a	big	one	that	nobody	saw	happening.	Perhaps	he	should	have	been	nicer	and	more	respectful	to	his	President!								
for	Congressman	Dan	Donovan.	You	showed	great	courage	in	a	tough	race!	New	York	and	my	many	friends	on	Staten	Island	have	elected	someone	they	have	always	been	very	proud	of.	Congratulations!																						
Governor	Henry	McMaster	on	your	BIG	election	win!	South	Carolina	loves	you.	We	are	all	proud	of	you	and	Peggy!	@henrymcmaster																																	
tell	the	story	of	an	incredible	HERO	who	defended	our	nation	in	World	War	Two	–	First	Lieutenant	Garlin	Murl	Conner.	Although	he	died	20	years	ago	today	he	takes	his	rightful	place	in	the	Eternal	Chronicle	of	American	Valor...https://t.co/mzJ8pPPgZE														
UPHOLDS	TRUMP	TRAVEL	BAN.	Wow!																																																	
profound	question	of	our	era:	Was	there	a	conspiracy	in	the	Obama	Department	of	Justice	and	the	FBI	to	prevent	Donald	Trump	from	becoming	President	of	the	U.S.	and	was	Strzok	at	the	core	of	the	conspiracy?”		Judge	Andrew	Napolitano													
of	the	Democrats	is	now	Maxine	Waters	who	together	with	Nancy	Pelosi	have	established	a	fine	leadership	team.	They	should	always	stay	together	and	lead	the	Democrats	who	want	Open	Borders	and	Unlimited	Crime	well	into	the	future....and	pick	Crooked	Hillary	for	Pres.											
should	never	be	built	in	another	country-never!	Their	employees	and	customers	are	already	very	angry	at	them.	If	they	move	watch	it	will	be	the	beginning	of	the	end	-	they	surrendered	they	quit!	The	Aura	will	be	gone	and	they	will	be	taxed	like	never	before!							
great	being	with	Governor	Henry	McMaster	last	night	in	South	Carolina.	Henry	is	tough	on	Crime	and	Borders	loves	our	Military	and	our	Vets	and	has	created	many	jobs	and	a	great	economy.	GO	OUT	AND	VOTE	FOR	HENRY	TODAY	HE	WILL	NEVER	LET	YOU	DOWN!								
finishing	our	study	of	Tariffs	on	cars	from	the	E.U.	in	that	they	have	long	taken	advantage	of	the	U.S.	in	the	form	of	Trade	Barriers	and	Tariffs.	In	the	end	it	will	all	even	out	-	and	it	won’t	take	very	long!											
had	Harley-Davidson	officials	over	to	the	White	House	I	chided	them	about	tariffs	in	other	countries	like	India	being	too	high.	Companies	are	now	coming	back	to	America.	Harley	must	know	that	they	won’t	be	able	to	sell	back	into	U.S.	without	paying	a	big	tax!								
getting	other	countries	to	reduce	and	eliminate	tariffs	and	trade	barriers	that	have	been	unfairly	used	for	years	against	our	farmers	workers	and	companies.	We	are	opening	up	closed	markets	and	expanding	our	footprint.	They	must	play	fair	or	they	will	pay	tariffs!											
year	Harley-Davidson	said	they	would	move	much	of	their	plant	operations	in	Kansas	City	to	Thailand.	That	was	long	before	Tariffs	were	announced.	Hence	they	were	just	using	Tariffs/Trade	War	as	an	excuse.	Shows	how	unbalanced	&amp;	unfair	trade	is	but	we	will	fix	it.....									
South	Carolina.	Now	let’s	get	out	tomorrow	and	VOTE	for	@HenryMcMaster!	https://t.co/5xlz0wfMfu																																										
in	South	Carolina	-	will	be	at	the	McMaster	rally	shortly!	#MAGA																																										
of	Peter	Strzok	and	the	other	hating	frauds	at	the	FBI	&amp;	DOJ	should	be	shown	to	the	public	on	live	television	not	a	closed	door	hearing	that	nobody	will	see.	We	should	expose	these	people	for	what	they	are	-	there	should	be	total	transparency!								
Senator	Mark	Warner	(D-VA)	perhaps	in	a	near	drunken	state	claiming	he	has	information	that	only	he	and	Bob	Mueller	the	leader	of	the	13	Angry	Democrats	on	a	Witch	Hunt	knows?	Isn’t	this	highly	illegal.	Is	it	being	investigated?														
Lynch:	Trump	Could	Go	Down	as	One	of	the	Greatest	Presidents”	https://t.co/AcgnIZNh6e																																										
Harley-Davidson	of	all	companies	would	be	the	first	to	wave	the	White	Flag.	I	fought	hard	for	them	and	ultimately	they	will	not	pay	tariffs	selling	into	the	E.U.	which	has	hurt	us	badly	on	trade	down	$151 	Billion.	Taxes	just	a	Harley	excuse	-	be	patient!		#MAGA					
Waters	an	extraordinarily	low	IQ	person	has	become	together	with	Nancy	Pelosi	the	Face	of	the	Democrat	Party.	She	has	just	called	for	harm	to	supporters	of	which	there	are	many	of	the	Make	America	Great	Again	movement.	Be	careful	what	you	wish	for	Max!									
heading	to	one	of	my	favorite	places	South	Carolina	to	fight	for	one	of	my	original	“fighters”	Governor	Henry	McMaster.	Speaking	at	7:00	P.M.																														
is	done	illegal	immigration	will	be	stopped	in	it’s	tracks	-	and	at	very	little	by	comparison	cost.	This	is	the	only	real	answer	-	and	we	must	continue	to	BUILD	THE	WALL!																					
of	judges	and	going	through	a	long	and	complicated	legal	process	is	not	the	way	to	go	-	will	always	be	disfunctional.	People	must	simply	be	stopped	at	the	Border	and	told	they	cannot	come	into	the	U.S.	illegally.	Children	brought	back	to	their	country......									
difference	in	the	media	coverage	of	the	same	immigration	policies	between	the	Obama	Administration	and	ours.	Actually	we	have	done	a	far	better	job	in	that	our	facilities	are	cleaner	and	better	run	than	were	the	facilities	under	Obama.	Fake	News	is	working	overtime!										
tried	to	stay	uninvolved	with	the	Department	of	Justice	and	FBI	(although	I	do	not	legally	have	to)	because	of	the	now	totally	discredited	and	very	expensive	Witch	Hunt	currently	going	on.	But	you	do	have	to	ask	why	the	DOJ	&amp;	FBI	aren’t	giving	over	requested	documents?						
Hen	Restaurant	should	focus	more	on	cleaning	its	filthy	canopies	doors	and	windows	(badly	needs	a	paint	job)	rather	than	refusing	to	serve	a	fine	person	like	Sarah	Huckabee	Sanders.	I	always	had	a	rule	if	a	restaurant	is	dirty	on	the	outside	it	is	dirty	on	the	inside!					
General	Michael	Mukasey	said	that	President	Trump	is	probably	correct	that	there	was	surveillance	on	Trump	Tower.	Actually	far	greater	than	would	ever	have	been	believed!																												
been	a	great	help	to	me	on	Cutting	Taxes	creating	great	new	healthcare	programs	at	low	cost	fighting	for	Border	Security	our	Military	and	are	Vets.	He	is	tough	on	Crime	and	has	my	full	Endorsement.	The	Great	State	of	Louisiana	we	want	Clay!										
could	easily	pass	a	Bill	on	Strong	Border	Security	but	remember	it	still	has	to	pass	in	the	Senate	and	for	that	we	need	10	Democrat	votes	and	all	they	do	is	RESIST.	They	want	Open	Borders	and	don’t	care	about	Crime!	Need	more	Republicans	to	WIN	in	November!					
been	a	great	help	to	me	on	Cutting	Taxes	creating	great	new	healthcare	programs	at	low	cost	fighting	for	Border	Security	our	Military	and	are	Vets.	He	is	tough	on	Crime	and	has	my	full	Endorsement.	The	Great	State	of	Louisiana	we	want	Clay!										
now	whimpering	to	all	that	he	did	the	famous	“hair	show”	with	me	(where	he	seriously	messed	up	my	hair)	&amp;	that	he	would	have	now	done	it	differently	because	it	is	said	to	have	“humanized”	me-he	is	taking	heat.	He	called	&amp;	said	“monster	ratings.”	Be	a	man	Jimmy!				
States	is	insisting	that	all	countries	that	have	placed	artificial	Trade	Barriers	and	Tariffs	on	goods	going	into	their	country	remove	those	Barriers	&amp;	Tariffs	or	be	met	with	more	than	Reciprocity	by	the	U.S.A.	Trade	must	be	fair	and	no	longer	a	one	way	street!								
policy	laughed	at	all	over	the	world	is	very	unfair	to	all	of	those	people	who	have	gone	through	the	system	legally	and	are	waiting	on	line	for	years!	Immigration	must	be	based	on	merit	-	we	need	people	who	will	help	to	Make	America	Great	Again!							
allow	all	of	these	people	to	invade	our	Country.	When	somebody	comes	in	we	must	immediately	with	no	Judges	or	Court	Cases	bring	them	back	from	where	they	came.	Our	system	is	a	mockery	to	good	immigration	policy	and	Law	and	Order.	Most	children	come	without	parents...							
the	laws.	Don’t	RESIST.	We	are	doing	a	far	better	job	than	Bush	and	Obama	but	we	need	strength	and	security	at	the	Border!	Cannot	accept	all	of	the	people	trying	to	break	into	our	Country.	Strong	Borders	No	Crime!														
Street	Journal	opinion	piece	today	talking	about	the	Russian	Witch	Hunt	and	the	disgrace	that	it	is.	So	many	people	hurt	so	bad	for	our	country	-	a	total	sham!https://t.co/bcpSGtoX6a																								
OPEN	FOR	BUSINESS!	https://t.co/ZjdlHwJlxm																																																		
@NVGOP!	#MAGA	https://t.co/OGTR2j6PGG																																																			
to	Supreme	Court	Justice	Clarence	Thomas	a	friend	and	great	man!	https://t.co/hlXYYkTjcv																																										
sad	that	Nancy	Pelosi	and	her	sidekick	Cryin’	Chuck	Schumer	want	to	protect	illegal	immigrants	far	more	than	the	citizens	of	our	country.	The	United	States	cannot	stand	for	this.	We	wants	safety	and	security	at	our	borders!																
Nevada	to	talk	trade	and	immigration	with	supporters.	Country’s	economy	is	stronger	than	ever	before	with	numbers	that	are	getting	better	by	the	week.	Tremendous	potential	and	trade	deals	are	coming	along	well.																					
and	prayers	are	with	Representative	Katie	Arrington	of	South	Carolina	including	all	of	those	involved	in	last	nights	car	accident	and	their	families.	https://t.co/rWYt2VBjxc																														
much	he	likes	me	but	he	will	only	vote	with	Nancy	Pelosi.	Keith	is	strong	on	borders	and	tough	on	crime	—	and	loves	cutting	taxes!	#MAGA																											
is	heading	to	Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania	where	we	have	both	strongly	endorsed	one	of	the	finest	men	around	Congressman	Keith	@RothfusForPA.	He	is	running	against	#LambTheSham	who	is	telling...																										
	“OBAMA	KEPT	THEM	IN	CAGES	WRAPPED	THEM	IN	FOIL”	We	do	a	much	better	job	while	at	the	same	time	maintaining	a	MUCH	stronger	Border!	Mainstream	Fake	Media	hates	this	story.																						
plunge	as	economy	strengthens”		Failing	New	York	Times																																													
Association	of	Manufacturers	just	announced	that	95.10%	of	Manufacturers	“have	a	positive	outlook	for	their	companies.”		This	is	the	best	number	in	the	Association’s	history!																												
Witch	Hunt	is	Rigged!																																																		
Poll	numbers	plummet	on	the	Democrat	inspired	and	paid	for	Russian	Witch	Hunt.	With	all	of	the	bias	lying	and	hate	by	the	investigators	people	want	the	investigators	investigated.	Much	more	will	come	out.	A	total	scam	and	excuse	for	the	Dems	losing	the	Election!									
coming	back	fast!	U.S.	Steel	is	adding	great	capacity	also.	So	are	others.	https://t.co/0Pzwjg3Vxn																																								
the	Tariffs	and	Trade	Barriers	long	placed	on	the	U.S.	&amp;	its	great	companies	and	workers	by	the	European	Union	if	these	Tariffs	and	Barriers	are	not	soon	broken	down	and	removed	we	will	be	placing	a	20%	Tariff	on	all	of	their	cars	coming	into	the	U.S.	Build	them	here!			
duty	and	our	highest	loyalty	is	to	the	citizens	of	the	United	States.	We	will	not	rest	until	our	border	is	secure	our	citizens	are	safe	and	we	finally	end	the	immigration	crisis	once	and	for	all.	https://t.co/7YfZ9kjB23																
gathered	today	to	hear	directly	from	the	AMERICAN	VICTIMS	of	ILLEGAL	IMMIGRATION.	These	are	the	American	Citizens	permanently	separated	from	their	loved	ones	b/c	they	were	killed	by	criminal	illegal	aliens.	These	are	the	families	the	media	ignores...https://t.co/ZjXESYAcjY																
the	Tariffs	and	Trade	Barriers	long	placed	on	the	U.S.	and	it	great	companies	and	workers	by	the	European	Union	if	these	Tariffs	and	Barriers	are	not	soon	broken	down	and	removed	we	will	be	placing	a	20%	Tariff	on	all	of	their	cars	coming	into	the	U.S.	Build	them	here!			
will	increase	output	substantially.	Need	to	keep	prices	down!																																													
maintain	a	Strong	Southern	Border.	We	cannot	allow	our	Country	to	be	overrun	by	illegal	immigrants	as	the	Democrats	tell	their	phony	stories	of	sadness	and	grief	hoping	it	will	help	them	in	the	elections.	Obama	and	others	had	the	same	pictures	and	did	nothing	about	it!							
Mexico’s	Exports	come	to	the	United	States.	They	totally	rely	on	us	which	is	fine	with	me.	They	do	have	though	very	strong	Immigration	Laws.	The	U.S.	has	pathetically	weak	and	ineffective	Immigration	Laws	that	the	Democrats	refuse	to	help	us	fix.	Will	speak	to	Mexico!								
DeSantis	a	top	student	at	Yale	and	Harvard	Law	School	is	running	for	Governor	of	the	Great	State	of	Florida.	Ron	is	strong	on	Borders	tough	on	Crime	&amp;	big	on	Cutting	Taxes	-	Loves	our	Military	&amp;	our	Vets.	He	will	be	a	Great	Governor	&amp;	has	my	full	Endorsement!			
Roby	of	Alabama	has	been	a	consistent	and	reliable	vote	for	our	Make	America	Great	Again	Agenda.	She	is	in	a	Republican	Primary	run-off	against	a	recent	Nancy	Pelosi	voting	Democrat.	I	fully	endorse	Martha	for	Alabama	2nd	Congressional	District!														
McMaster	is	a	truly	fine	man	who	loves	the	People	of	South	Carolina.	He	was	one	of	my	very	early	supporters	and	truly	helped	me	to	a	Big	South	Carolina	Victory.	I	will	see	you	all	in	S.C	on	Monday	and	Vice	President	Pence	will	be	there	for	Henry	on	Saturday!			
stop	wasting	their	time	on	Immigration	until	after	we	elect	more	Senators	and	Congressmen/women	in	November.	Dems	are	just	playing	games	have	no	intention	of	doing	anything	to	solves	this	decades	old	problem.	We	can	pass	great	legislation	after	the	Red	Wave!												
Republicans	in		November	and	we	will	pass	the	finest	fairest	and	most	comprehensive	Immigration	Bills	anywhere	in	the	world.	Right	now	we	have	the	dumbest	and	the	worst.	Dems	are	doing	nothing	but	Obstructing.	Remember	their	motto	RESIST!	Ours	is	PRODUCE!												
we	get	100%	Republican	votes	in	the	Senate	we	need	10	Democrat	votes	to	get	a	much	needed	Immigration	Bill	-	&amp;	the	Dems	are	Obstructionists	who	won’t	give	votes	for	political	reasons	&amp;	because	they	don’t	care	about	Crime	coming	from	Border!	So	we	need	to	elect	more	R’s!				
Judge	Jeanine	Pirro	is	out	with	a	new	book	“Liars	Leakers	and	Liberals	the	Case	Against	the	Anti-Trump	Conspiracy”	which	is	fantastic.	Go	get	it!																													
pass	legislation	on	immigration	whether	it	be	for	safety	and	security	or	any	other	reason	including	“heart”	without	getting	Dem	votes.	Problem	is	they	don’t	care	about	security	and	R’s	do.	Zero	Dems	voted	to	support	the	Goodlatte	Bill.	They	won’t	vote	for	anything!										
to	maintain	strong	borders	or	we	will	no	longer	have	a	country	that	we	can	be	proud	of	–	and	if	we	show	any	weakness	millions	of	people	will	journey	into	our	country.																					
DON’T	CARE	DO	U?”	written	on	the	back	of	Melania’s	jacket	refers	to	the	Fake	News	Media.	Melania	has	learned	how	dishonest	they	are	and	she	truly	no	longer	cares!																								
Court	win	on	internet	sales	tax	-	about	time!	Big	victory	for	fairness	and	for	our	country.	Great	victory	for	consumers	and	retailers.																															
just	passed	in	the	House.	So	happy	to	see	work	requirements	included.	Big	win	for	the	farmers!																																					
thrilled	to	be	back	in	Minnesota	for	a	roundtable	with	hardworking	American	Patriots.	Thank	you!	https://t.co/suoRN02zMq																																						
																																																					
on	@foxandfriends.	He	is	a	special	man!																																															
for	Republicans!	Congratulations	to	John	Cox	on	a	really	big	number	in	California.	He	can	win.	Even	Fake	News	CNN	said	the	Trump	impact	was	really	big	much	bigger	than	they	ever	thought	possible.	So	much	for	the	big	Blue	Wave	it	may	be	a	big	Red	Wave.	Working	hard!				
announced	he	will	cancel	the	Senate’s	August	Recess.	Great	maybe	the	Democrats	will	finally	get	something	done	other	than	their	acceptance	of	High	Crime	and	High	Taxes.	We	need	Border	Security!																							
Witch	Hunt	in	political	history!																																																	
a	level	of	criminality	beyond	the	pale.	This	is	such	a	grave	abuse	of	power	and	authority	it’s	like	nothing	else	we’ve	seen	in	our	history.	This	makes	the	Nixon	Watergate	burglary	look	like	keystone	cop	stuff																	
Judicial	Watch.	“They	were	running	an	operation	to	undermine	a	candidate	for	President	of	the	U.S.	These	are	all	violations	of	law.	This	is	intelligence	tradecraft	to	steer	an	election.	There’s	nothing	more	grave	when	it	comes	to	abuse	of	our	intelligence	system...											
by	@LouDobbs	with	Chris	Farrell	of	Judicial	Watch	concerning	the	governments	counter-intelligence	operation	into	the	Trump	Campaign.	SPYGATE	at	the	highest	level.	Who	would	believe?																													
the	incompetent	&amp;	corrupt	FBI	lovers	have	texts	referring	to	a	counter-intelligence	operation	into	the	Trump	Campaign	dating	way	back	to	December	2015	SPYGATE	is	in	full	force!	Is	the	Mainstream	Media	interested	yet?	Big	stuff!																		
																																																					
much	wasteful	spending	we’d	save	if	we	didn’t	have	Chuck	and	Nancy	standing	in	our	way!	For	years	Democrats	in	Congress	have	depleted	our	military	and	busted	our	budgets	on	needless	spending	and	to	what	end?	No	more.																
Rescissions	Package	we’ve	proposed	would	cut	$15,000,000,000 	in	Wasteful	Spending!	We	are	getting	our	government	back	on	track.																																				
book	out	by	the	wonderful	Harris	Faulkner	“9	Rules	of	Engagement.”	Harris	shares	lessons	from	a	military	family.	Enjoy!																																			
of	Mississippi	has	done	everything	necessary	to	Make	America	Great	Again!	Get	out	and	vote	for	Roger	he	has	my	total	support!																																
Congressman	Devin	Nunes	a	TRUE	American	Patriot	the	likes	of	which	we	rarely	see	in	our	modern	day	world....he	truly	loves	our	country	and	deserves	everyone’s	support!																											
vote	out	in	California	today	for	Rep.	Kevin	McCarthy	and	all	of	the	great	GOP	candidates	for	Congress.	Keep	our	country	out	of	the	hands	of	High	Tax	High	Crime	Nancy	Pelosi.																						
Tax	High	Crime	California	be	sure	to	get	out	and	vote	for	Republican	John	Cox	for	Governor.	He	will	make	a	BIG	difference!																															
at	the	Border	is	the	fault	of	bad	legislation	passed	by	the	Democrats.	Border	Security	laws	should	be	changed	but	the	Dems	can’t	get	their	act	together!	Started	the	Wall.																								
Champion	@MartinTruex_Jr	were	recently	at	the	White	House.	It	was	a	great	day	for	a	great	sport!																																					
Singapore	with	North	Korea	will	hopefully	be	the	start	of	something	big...we	will	soon	see!																																							
Witch	Hunt	Hoax	continues	all	because	Jeff	Sessions	didn’t	tell	me	he	was	going	to	recuse	himself...I	would	have	quickly	picked	someone	else.	So	much	time	and	money	wasted	so	many	lives	ruined...and	Sessions	knew	better	than	most	that	there	was	No	Collusion!											
had	many	Championship	teams	recently	at	the	White	House	including	the	Chicago	Cubs	Houston	Astros	Pittsburgh	Penguins	New	England	Patriots	Alabama	and	Clemson	National	Champions	and	many	others.	National	Anthem	&amp;	more	great	music	today	at	3:00	P.M.																
proudly	be	playing	the	National	Anthem	and	other	wonderful	music	celebrating	our	Country	today	at	3	P.M.	The	White	House	with	the	United	States	Marine	Band	and	the	United	States	Army	Chorus.	Honoring	America!	NFL	no	escaping	to	Locker	Rooms!														
has	an	increased	economic	value	of	more	than	7	Trillion	Dollars	since	the	Election.	May	be	the	best	economy	in	the	history	of	our	country.	Record	Jobs	numbers.	Nice!																									
taking	so	long	with	the	Inspector	General’s	Report	on	Crooked	Hillary	and	Slippery	James	Comey.	Numerous	delays.	Hope	Report	is	not	being	changed	and	made	weaker!	There	are	so	many	horrible	things	to	tell	the	public	has	the	right	to	know.	Transparency!												
Eagles	Football	Team	was	invited	to	the	White	House.	Unfortunately	only	a	small	number	of	players	decided	to	come	and	we	canceled	the	event.	Staying	in	the	Locker	Room	for	the	playing	of	our	National	Anthem	is	as	disrespectful	to	our	country	as	kneeling.	Sorry!									
Court	ruling	for	Baker	just	out!																																																
ways	this	is	the	greatest	economy	in	the	HISTORY	of	America	and	the	best	time	EVER	to	look	for	a	job!																																	
News	Media	is	desperate	to	distract	from	the	economy	and	record	setting	economic	numbers	and	so	they	keep	talking	about	the	phony	Russian	Witch	Hunt.																													
American	Greatness:	https://t.co/qQEEPqmaax	https://t.co/1VCeoTk1cI																																																		
of	the	Special	Counsel	is	totally	UNCONSTITUTIONAL!	Despite	that	we	play	the	game	because	I	unlike	the	Democrats	have	done	nothing	wrong!																																
not	been	doing	well	for	15	years.	Mexico	Canada	China	and	others	have	treated	them	unfairly.	By	the	time	I	finish	trade	talks	that	will	change.	Big	trade	barriers	against	U.S.	farmers	and	other	businesses	will	finally	be	broken.	Massive	trade	deficits	no	longer!										
of	the	Special	Councel	is	totally	UNCONSTITUTIONAL!	Despite	that	we	play	the	game	because	I	unlike	the	Democrats	have	done	nothing	wrong!																																
has	made	such	bad	trade	deals	over	so	many	years	that	we	can	only	WIN!																																							
charges	a	tax	of	16%	on	soybeans.	Canada	has	all	sorts	of	trade	barriers	on	our	Agricultural	products.	Not	acceptable!																																		
been	stated	by	numerous	legal	scholars	I	have	the	absolute	right	to	PARDON	myself	but	why	would	I	do	that	when	I	have	done	nothing	wrong?	In	the	meantime	the	never	ending	Witch	Hunt	led	by	13	very	Angry	and	Conflicted	Democrats	(&amp;	others)	continues	into	the	mid-terms!						
the	best	time	EVER	to	look	for	a	job.”	James	Freeman	of	WSJ.																																									
Repeal	&amp;	Replace	done	(and	the	saving	to	our	country	of	one	trillion	dollars)	except	for	one	person	but	it	is	getting	done	anyway.	Individual	Mandate	is	gone	and	great	less	expensive	plans	will	be	announced	this	month.	Drug	prices	coming	down	&amp;	Right	to	Try!								
my	500th.	Day	in	Office	and	we	have	accomplished	a	lot	-	many	believe	more	than	any	President	in	his	first	500	days.	Massive	Tax	&amp;	Regulation	Cuts	Military	&amp;	Vets	Lower	Crime	&amp;	Illegal	Immigration	Stronger	Borders	Judgeships	Best	Economy	&amp;	Jobs	EVER	and	much	more...							
	“Why	are	there	people	from	the	Clinton	Foundation	on	the	Mueller	Staff?	Why	is	there	an	Independent	Counsel?	To	go	after	people	and	their	families	for	unrelated	offenses...Constitution	was	set	up	to	prevent	this...Stormtrooper	tactics	almost.”	A	disgrace!															
	“Why	are	there	people	from	the	Clinton	Foundation	on	the	Mueller	Staff?	Why	is	there	an	Independent	Councel?	To	go	after	people	and	their	families	for	unrelated	offenses...Constitution	was	set	up	to	prevent	this...Stormtrooper	tactics	almost.”	A	disgrace!															
came	into	the	campaign	very	late	and	was	with	us	for	a	short	period	of	time	(he	represented	Ronald	Reagan	Bob	Dole	&amp;	many	others	over	the	years)	but	we	should	have	been	told	that	Comey	and	the	boys	were	doing	a	number	on	him	and	he	wouldn’t	have	been	hired!			
one	of	two	people	left	who	could	become	President	why	wouldn’t	the	FBI	or	Department	of	“Justice”	have	told	me	that	they	were	secretly	investigating	Paul	Manafort	(on	charges	that	were	10	years	old	and	had	been	previously	dropped)	during	my	campaign?	Should	have	told	me!								
“The	only	thing	Trump	obstructed	was	Hillary	getting	to	the	White	House.”		So	true!																																							
almost	800	Billion	Dollars	a	year	down	on	Trade	you	can’t	lose	a	Trade	War!	The	U.S.	has	been	ripped	off	by	other	countries	for	years	on	Trade	time	to	get	smart!																						
it	that	the	Wall	Street	Journal	though	well	meaning	never	mentions	the	unfairness	of	the	Tariffs	routinely	charged	against	the	U.S.	by	other	countries	or	the	many	Billions	of	Dollars	that	the	Tariffs	we	are	now	charging	are	and	will	be	pouring	into	U.S.	coffers?									
States	must	at	long	last	be	treated	fairly	on	Trade.	If	we	charge	a	country	ZERO	to	sell	their	goods	and	they	charge	us	25	50	or	even	100	percent	to	sell	ours	it	is	UNFAIR	and	can	no	longer	be	tolerated.	That	is	not	Free	or	Fair	Trade	it	is	Stupid	Trade!	
No	Collusion	with	Russia	(except	by	the	Democrats).	When	will	this	very	expensive	Witch	Hunt	Hoax	ever	end?	So	bad	for	our	Country.	Is	the	Special	Counsel/Justice	Department	leaking	my	lawyers	letters	to	the	Fake	News	Media?	Should	be	looking	at	Dems	corruption	instead?										
No	Collusion	with	Russia	(except	by	the	Democrats).	When	will	this	very	expensive	Witch	Hunt	Hoax	ever	end?	So	bad	for	our	Country.	Is	the	Special	Councel/Justice	Department	leaking	my	lawyers	letters	to	the	Fake	News	Media?	Should	be	looking	at	Dems	corruption	instead?										
is	doing	great	Fake	News	CNN	is	dead!	https://t.co/1p37tPiB3v																																													
that	China	would	be	doing	this?	https://t.co/D03kV07dF7																																															
																																																					
is	a	record	that	will	never	be	broken!	https://t.co/rtpLfvsBU5																																													
spent	it’s	a	scam	Investigation.	Americans	are	being	worked.	We	now	know	there	was	Russian	collusion	with	Russians	and	the	Democrats.	The	Mueller	team	is	stacked	with	anti-Trumpers	who	actually	represented	Clinton	people	(&amp;	gave	$’s	to	Crooked	H).”	Dan	Bongino													
no	single	figure	in	American	history	has	done	more	to	discredit	the	intelligence	community	than	this	liar.	Not	only	is	he	a	liar	he’s	a	liar	about	being	a	liar.”		Dan	Bongino	on	@foxandfriends																			
no	single	figure	in	American	history	has	done	more	to	discredit	the	Intelligence	community	than	this	liar.	He’s	a	liar	about	being	a	liar.”																														
out	of	words	to	describe	how	good	the	jobs	numbers	are.”		Neil	Irwin	of	the	@nytimes.																																					
was	my	great	honor	to	be	with	the	brave	men	and	women	of	the	United	States	Coast	Guard!	https://t.co/RAyPbOGXuZ																																			
treated	our	Agricultural	business	and	Farmers	very	poorly	for	a	very	long	period	of	time.	Highly	restrictive	on	Trade!	They	must	open	their	markets	and	take	down	their	trade	barriers!	They	report	a	really	high	surplus	on	trade	with	us.	Do	Timber	&amp;	Lumber	in	U.S.?								
to	seeing	the	employment	numbers	at	8:30	this	morning.																																													
they	firing	no	talent	Samantha	Bee	for	the	horrible	language	used	on	her	low	ratings	show?	A	total	double	standard	but	that’s	O.K.	we	are	Winning	and	will	be	doing	so	for	a	long	time	to	come!																	
just	reported	that	the	Russian	Hoax	Investigation	has	now	cost	our	government	over	$17 	million	and	going	up	fast.	No	Collusion	except	by	the	Democrats!																													
																																																					
giving	a	Full	Pardon	to	Dinesh	D’Souza	today.	He	was	treated	very	unfairly	by	our	government!																																						
meetings	with	North	Korea.																																																		
it	matters	but	I	never	fired	James	Comey	because	of	Russia!	The	Corrupt	Mainstream	Media	loves	to	keep	pushing	that	narrative	but	they	know	it	is	not	true!																										
Mainstream	Media	is	working	overtime	not	to	mention	the	infiltration	of	people	Spies	(Informants)	into	my	campaign!	Surveillance	much?																																			
is	my	call	of	apology?	You	and	ABC	have	offended	millions	of	people	and	they	demand	a	response.	How	is	Brian	Ross	doing?	He	tanked	the	market	with	an	ABC	lie	yet	no	apology.	Double	Standard!																		
	“If	the	FBI	was	so	concerned	and	if	they	weren’t	targeting	Trump	they	should	have	told	Trump.	If	they	were	really	concerned	about	the	Russians	infiltrating	a	campaign	(hoax)	then	why	not	try	to	stop	it?	Why	not	tell	Trump?	Because	they	were	pushing	this	scam.”							
of	Jeff	Sessions	was	an	unforced	betrayal	of	the	President	of	the	United	States.”	JOE	DIGENOVA	former	U.S.	Attorney.																																			
to	be	released	book	“The	Russia	Hoax	The	Illicit	Scheme	To	Clear	Hillary	Clinton	And	Frame	Donald	Trump”	written	by	Gregg	Jarrett	looks	like	a	real	deal	big	hit.	The	Phony	Witch	Hunt	will	be	opened	up	for	the	world	to	see!	Out	in	5	weeks.								
@RepDanDonovan	will	win	for	the	Republicans	in	November...and	his	opponent	will	not.	Remember	Alabama.	We	can’t	take	any	chances	on	losing	to	a	Nancy	Pelosi	controlled	Democrat!																											
no	one	better	to	represent	the	people	of	N.Y.	and	Staten	Island	(a	place	I	know	very	well)	than	@RepDanDonovan	who	is	strong	on	Borders	&amp;	Crime	loves	our	Military	&amp;	our	Vets	voted	for	Tax	Cuts	and	is	helping	me	to	Make	America	Great	Again.	Dan	has	my	full	endorsement!			
with	@KimKardashian	today	talked	about	prison	reform	and	sentencing.	https://t.co/uOy4UJ41JF																																												
it	was	my	great	honor	to	sign	#RightToTry	into	law!	https://t.co/mtPiHsBc1H	https://t.co/hFtpyJlV4h																																										
#RightToTry	Law	I	signed	today	patients	with	life	threatening	illnesses	will	finally	have	access	to	experimental	treatments	that	could	improve	or	even	cure	their	conditions.	These	are	experimental	treatments	and	products	that	have	shown	great	promise...	https://t.co/FIUwhpUpoL																	
am	proud	to	keep	another	promise	to	the	American	people	as	I	sign	the	#RightToTry	Legislation	into	law.	https://t.co/VD8CN5YfIo																																			
of	ABC	called	Valerie	Jarrett	to	let	her	know	that	“ABC	does	not	tolerate	comments	like	those”	made	by	Roseanne	Barr.	Gee	he	never	called	President	Donald	J.	Trump	to	apologize	for	the	HORRIBLE	statements	made	and	said	about	me	on	ABC.	Maybe	I	just	didn’t	get	the	call?					
and	Corrupt	@nytimes	estimated	the	crowd	last	night	at	“1000	people”	when	in	fact	it	was	many	times	that	number	-	and	the	arena	was	rockin’.	This	is	the	way	they	demean	and	disparage.	They	are	very	dishonest	people	who	don’t	“get”	me	and	never	did!								
lots	of	really	good	lawyers	in	the	country	he	could	have	picked	somebody	else!”	And	I	wish	I	did!																																			
enforcement	officer	and	they	told	me	later	‘oh	by	the	way	I’m	not	going	to	be	able	to	participate	in	the	most	important	case	in	the	office	I	would	be	frustrated	too...and	that’s	how	I	read	that	-	Senator	Sessions	why	didn’t	you	tell	me	before	I	picked	you.....					
“I	don’t	think	so	I	think	what	the	President	is	doing	is	expressing	frustration	that	Attorney	General	Sessions	should	have	shared	these	reasons	for	recusal	before	he	took	the	job	not	afterward.	If	I	were	the	President	and	I	picked	someone	to	be	the	country’s....									
Mainstream	Media	has	from	the	time	I	announced	I	was	running	for	President	run	the	most	highly	sophisticated	&amp;	dishonest	Disinformation	Campaign	in	the	history	of	politics.	No	matter	how	well	WE	do	they	find	fault.	But	the	forgotten	men	&amp;	women	WON	I’m	President!									
got	to	start	focusing	my	energy	on	North	Korea	Nuclear	bad	Trade	Deals	VA	Choice	the	Economy	rebuilding	the	Military	and	so	much	more	and	not	on	the	Rigged	Russia	Witch	Hunt	that	should	be	investigating	Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch	etc.																
the	13	Angry	and	heavily	conflicted	Democrats	investigating	the	totally	Crooked	Campaign	of	totally	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	It’s	a	Rigged	Witch	Hunt	that’s	why!	Ask	them	if	they	enjoyed	her	after	election	celebration!																					
Angry	Democrats	(plus	people	who	worked	8	years	for	Obama)	working	on	the	rigged	Russia	Witch	Hunt	will	be	MEDDLING	with	the	mid-term	elections	especially	now	that	Republicans	(stay	tough!)	are	taking	the	lead	in	Polls.	There	was	no	Collusion	except	by	the	Democrats!										
involved	far	more	surveillance	than	we	ever	had	any	idea	about.	It	wasn’t	just	a	wiretap	against	a	campaign	aide...it	was	secretly	gathering	information	on	the	Trump	Campaign...people	call	that	Spying...this	is	unprecedented	and		scandalous.”	Mollie	Hemingway																
put	a	great	team	together	for	our	talks	with	North	Korea.	Meetings	are	currently	taking	place	concerning	Summit	and	more.	Kim	Young	Chol	the	Vice	Chairman	of	North	Korea	heading	now	to	New	York.	Solid	response	to	my	letter	thank	you!													
tweet	2014	pictures	from	Obama’s	term	showing	children	from	the	Border	in	steel	cages.	They	thought	it	was	recent	pictures	in	order	to	make	us	look	bad	but	backfires.	Dems	must	agree	to	Wall	and	new	Border	Protection	for	good	of	country...Bipartisan	Bill!											
a	rare	opportunity	to	turn	things	around	and	solve	its	high	crime	high	tax	problems	-	along	with	so	many	others.	On	June	5th.	vote	for	GOP	Gubernatorial	Candidate	JOHN	COX	a	really	good	and	highly	competent	man.	He’ll	Make	California	Great	Again!											
lawmaker	just	introduced	a	bill	to	Repeal	the	GOP	Tax	Cuts	(no	chance).	This	is	too	good	to	be	TRUE	for	Republicans...Remember	the	Nancy	Pelosi	Dems	are	also	weak	on	Crime	the	Border	and	want	to	be	gentle	and	kind	to	MS-13	gang	members...not	good!									
heroes	have	not	only	written	our	history	they	have	shaped	our	destiny.	They	saved	the	lives	of	the	men	and	women	with	whom	they	served.	They	cared	for	their	families	more	than	anything	in	the	world	they	loved	their	families.	They	inspired	their	communities...	https://t.co/Q9cOcQeEDc									
who	rest	in	these	hallowed	fields	in	cemeteries	battlefields	and	burial	grounds	near	and	far	are	drawn	the	full	tapestry	of	American	life.	They	came	from	every	generation	from	towering	cities	and	wind	swept	prairies	from	privilege	and	from	poverty...	https://t.co/aOw3QwN2SV													
for	joining	us	on	this	solemn	day	of	remembrance.	We	are	gathered	here	on	the	sacred	soil	of	@ArlingtonNatl	Cemetery	to	honor	the	lives	and	deeds	of	America's	greatest	heroes	the	men	and	women	who	laid	down	their	lives	for	our	freedom.	#MemorialDay	https://t.co/YSYAHf7bNu										
find	out	that	the	Obama	Administration	put	the	opposing	campaigns	presidential	candidate	or	his	campaign	under	investigation.	That	raises	legitimate	questions.	I	just	find	this	really	odd...this	goes	to	the	heart	of	our	electoral	system.”	Jonathan	Turley	on	@FoxNews															
is	part	of	concerns	people	have	raised	about	bias	in	the	Justice	Dept.	I	find	her	actions	to	be	really	quite	unbelievable.”	Jonathan	Turley																														
deserves	some	answers.”	@FoxNews	in	discussing	“SPYGATE.”																																															
Day!	Those	who	died	for	our	great	country	would	be	very	happy	and	proud	at	how	well	our	country	is	doing	today.	Best	economy	in	decades	lowest	unemployment	numbers	for	Blacks	and	Hispanics	EVER	(&amp;	women	in	18years)	rebuilding	our	Military	and	so	much	more.	Nice!								
																																																					
President	Obama	do	something	about	the	so-called	Russian	Meddling	when	he	was	told	about	it	by	the	FBI	before	the	Election?	Because	he	thought	Crooked	Hillary	was	going	to	win	and	he	didn’t	want	to	upset	the	apple	cart!	He	was	in	charge	not	me	and	did	nothing.						
States	team	has	arrived	in	North	Korea	to	make	arrangements	for	the	Summit	between	Kim	Jong	Un	and	myself.	I	truly	believe	North	Korea	has	brilliant	potential	and	will	be	a	great	economic	and	financial	Nation	one	day.	Kim	Jong	Un	agrees	with	me	on	this.	It	will	happen!					
the	13	Angry	Democrats	investigate	the	campaign	of	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	many	crimes	much	Collusion	with	Russia?	Why	didn’t	the	FBI	take	the	Server	from	the	DNC?		Rigged	Investigation!																								
have	400000	GREAT	MEN	&amp;	WOMEN	of	Rolling	Thunder	in	D.C.	showing	their	patriotism.	They	love	our	Country	they	love	our	Flag	they	stand	for	our	National	Anthem!	Thanks	to	Executive	Director	Artie	Muller.																				
to	give	back	the	young	and	beautiful	lives	(and	others)	that	have	been	devastated	and	destroyed	by	the	phony	Russia	Collusion	Witch	Hunt?	They	journeyed	down	to	Washington	D.C.	with	stars	in	their	eyes	and	wanting	to	help	our	nation...They	went	back	home	in	tatters!									
JOSH!	https://t.co/2X0cKE4stx																																																				
the	13	Angry	Democrats	(&amp;	those	who	worked	for	President	O)	reveal	their	disqualifying	Conflicts	of	Interest?	It’s	been	a	long	time	now!	Will	they	be	indelibly	written	into	the	Report	along	with	the	fact	that	the	only	Collusion	is	with	the	Dems	Justice	FBI	&amp;	Russia?							
Russia	Probe	is	Rigged.	Just	an	excuse	as	to	why	the	Dems	and	Crooked	Hillary	lost	the	Election	and	States	that	haven’t	been	lost	in	decades.	13	Angry	Democrats	and	all	Dems	if	you	include	the	people	who	worked	for	Obama	for	8	years.	#SPYGATE	&amp;	CONFLICTS	OF	INTEREST!					
or	“Informants”	as	the	Democrats	like	to	call	them	because	it	sounds	less	sinister	(but	it’s	not)	all	over	my	campaign	even	from	a	very	early	date	why	didn’t	the	crooked	highest	levels	of	the	FBI	or	“Justice”	contact	me	to	tell	me	of	the		phony	Russia	problem?					
@nytimes	quotes	“a	senior	White	House	official”	who	doesn’t	exist	as	saying	“even	if	the	meeting	were	reinstated	holding	it	on	June	12	would	be	impossible	given	the	lack	of	time	and	the	amount	of	planning	needed.”	WRONG	AGAIN!	Use	real	people	not	phony	sources.									
the	Failing	and	Corrupt	New	York	Times	would	like	people	to	believe	there	is	ZERO	disagreement	within	the	Trump	Administration	as	to		how	to	deal	with	North	Korea...and	if	there	was	it	wouldn’t	matter.	The	@nytimes	has	called	me	wrong	right	from	the	beginning!									
very	brave	Teacher	&amp;	Hero	Jason	Seaman	of	Noblesville	Indiana	for	his	heroic	act	in	saving	so	many	precious	young	lives.	His	quick	and	automatic	action	is	being	talked	about	all	over	the	world!																				
to	seeing	Joshua	Holt	this	evening	in	the	White	House.	The	great	people	of	Utah	are	Celebrating!																																					
on	the	Democrats	to	end	the	horrible	law	that	separates	children	from	there	parents	once	they	cross	the	Border	into	the	U.S.	Catch	and	Release	Lottery	and	Chain	must	also	go	with	it	and	we	MUST	continue	building	the	WALL!	DEMOCRATS	ARE	PROTECTING	MS-13	THUGS.									
about	the	release	of	the	American	hostage	from	Venezuela.	Should	be	landing	in	D.C.	this	evening	and	be	in	the	White	House	with	his	family	at	about	7:00	P.M.	The	great	people	of	Utah	will	be	very	happy!																
having	very	productive	talks	with	North	Korea	about	reinstating	the	Summit	which	if	it	does	happen	will	likely	remain	in	Singapore	on	the	same	date	June	12th.	and	if	necessary	will	be	extended	beyond	that	date.																		
and	obstruct.	They	made	only	bad	deals	(Iran)	and	their	so-called	Trade	Deals	are	the	laughing	stock	of	the	world!																																		
and	Obama	Administration	let	phone	company	ZTE	flourish	with	no	security	checks.	I	closed	it	down	then	let	it	reopen	with	high	level	security	guarantees	change	of	management	and	board	must	purchase	U.S.	parts	and	pay	a	$1.30 	Billion	fine.	Dems	do	nothing....											
watch	the	Democrats	criticize	Trade	Deals	being	negotiated	by	me	when	they	don’t	even	know	what	the	deals	are	and	when	for	8	years	the	Obama	Administration	did	NOTHING	on	trade	except	let	other	countries	rip	off	the	United	States.	Lost	almost	$800 	Billion/year	under	“O”								
have	every	right	to	legally	protest	against	the	mayor	and	an	administration	that	just	won’t	let	them	do	their	job.	The	killings	are	at	a	record	pace	and	tough	police	work	which	Chicago	will	not	allow	would	bring	things	back	to	order	fast...the	killings	must	stop!								
@NavalAcademy	Class	of	2018	I	say:	We	know	you	are	up	to	the	task.	We	know	you	will	make	us	proud.	We	know	that	glory	will	be	yours.	Because	you	are	WINNERS	you	are	WARRIORS	you	are	FIGHTERS	you	are	CHAMPIONS	and	YOU	will	lead	us	to	VICTORY!	God	Bless	the	U.S.A.!	https://t.co/V9TgEo8MY4	
of	the	American	People	CONGRATULATIONS!	We	love	you!	https://t.co/YRlj0vRXwk																																													
was	my	great	honor	to	deliver	the	2018	Commencement	Address	at	the	United	States	@NavalAcademy	in	Annapolis	Maryland.	Congratulations!Good	luck.	Godspeed.	And	ANCHORS	AWEIGH!	https://t.co/aoLBK7y16a																													
news	to	receive	the	warm	and	productive	statement	from	North	Korea.	We	will	soon	see	where	it	will	lead	hopefully	to	long	and	enduring	prosperity	and	peace.	Only	time	(and	talent)	will	tell!																					
so	obviously	rooting	against	us	in	our	negotiations	with	North	Korea.	Just	like	they	are	coming	to	the	defense	of	MS	13	thugs	saying	that	they	are	individuals	&amp;	must	be	nurtured	or	asking	to	end	your	big	Tax	Cuts	&amp;	raise	your	taxes	instead.	Dems	have	lost	touch!					
there	was	a	Spy	and	in	fact	the	people	who	were	involved	in	the	Spying	are	admitting	that	there	was	a	Spy...Widespread	Spying	involving	multiple	people.”	Mollie	Hemingway	The	Federalist	Senior	Editor		But	the	corrupt	Mainstream	Media	hates	this	monster	story!												
even	imagine	having	Spies	placed	in	a	competing	campaign	by	the	people	and	party	in	absolute	power	for	the	sole	purpose	of	political	advantage	and	gain?	And	to	think	that	the	party	in	question	even	with	the	expenditure	of	far	more	money	LOST!											
are	now	alluding	to	the	the	concept	that	having	an	Informant	placed	in	an	opposing	party’s	campaign	is	different	than	having	a	Spy	as	illegal	as	that	may	be.	But	what	about	an	“Informant”	who	is	paid	a	fortune	and	who	“sets	up”	way	earlier	than	the	Russian	Hoax?					
be	making	the	Commencment	Address	today	at	the	United	States	Naval	Academy	in	Annapolis	Maryland.	Look	forward	to	being	with	some	of	the	greatest	people	on	earth!																											
was	my	great	honor	to	present	the	#MedalOfHonor	to	@USNavy	(SEAL)	Master	Chief	Special	Warfare	Operator	Britt	Slabinski	in	the	East	Room	of	the	@WhiteHouse.	Full	ceremony:	https://t.co/2UldFozRh1	https://t.co/R3ACmkWsqJ																									
was	my	honor	to	sign	#S2155	the	"Economic,Growth,Regulatory,Relief,and,Consumer,Protection,Act.”,Read,more:,https://t.co/sYZ4PzzxxW,https://t.co/gi0qGe6ukX
I,have,decided,to,terminate,the,planned,Summit,in,Singapore,on,June,12th.,While,many,things,can,happen,and,a,great,opportunity,lies,ahead,potentially,I,believe,that,this,is,a,tremendous,setback,for,North,Korea,and,indeed,a,setback,for,the,world...,https://t.co/jT0GfxT0Lc
It,was,my,great,honor,to,host,a,roundtable,re:,MS-13,yesterday,in,Bethpage,New,York.,Democrats,must,abandon,their,resistance,to,border,security,so,that,we,can,SUPPORT,law,enforcement,and,SAVE,innocent,lives!,https://t.co/pxe9Z4efyZ
Sadly,I,was,forced,to,cancel,the,Summit,Meeting,in,Singapore,with,Kim,Jong,Un.,https://t.co/rLwXxBxFKx
Sadly,I,was,forced,to,cancel,the,Summit,Meeting,in,Singapore,with,Kim,Jung,Un.,https://t.co/qEoi9ymUEz
Not,surprisingly,the,GREAT,Men,&amp;,Women,of,the,FBI,are,starting,to,speak,out,against,Comey,McCabe,and,all,of,the,political,corruption,and,poor,leadership,found,within,the,top,ranks,of,the,FBI.,Comey,was,a,terrible,and,corrupt,leader,who,inflicted,great,pain,on,the,FBI!,#SPYGATE
Clapper,has,now,admitted,that,there,was,Spying,in,my,campaign.,Large,dollars,were,paid,to,the,Spy,far,beyond,normal.,Starting,to,look,like,one,of,the,biggest,political,scandals,in,U.S.,history.,SPYGATE,-,a,terrible,thing!
Will,be,interviewed,on,@foxandfriends,tomorrow,morning,at,6:00,A.M.,Enjoy!
Great,to,be,in,New,York,for,the,day.,Heading,back,to,the,@WhiteHouse,now,lots,of,work,to,be,done!,https://t.co/w3LUiQ8SWh
Thank,you,to,all,of,the,incredible,law,enforcement,officers,and,firefighters,in,Bethpage,New,York.,Keep,up,the,great,work!,https://t.co/SMaZ8Hfas4
Crippling,loopholes,in,our,laws,have,enabled,MS-13,gang,members,and,other,criminals,to,infiltrate,our,communities,-,and,Democrats,in,Congress,REFUSE,to,close,these,loopholes,including,the,disgraceful,practice,known,as,Catch-and-Release.,Democrats,must,abandon,their,resistance...,https://t.co/VkMCIzwt8v
Today,on,Long,Island,we,were,all,moved,to,be,joined,by,families,who,have,suffered,unthinkable,heartbreak,at,the,hands,of,MS-13.,I,was,truly,honored,to,be,joined,again,by,the,courageous,families,who,were,my,guests,at,the,State,of,the,Union...,https://t.co/Gs0CGJYqXU
Thank,you,@SBAList!,#SBAGala,https://t.co/mPKwukX08o
WITCH,HUNT!
There,will,be,big,news,coming,soon,for,our,great,American,Autoworkers.,After,many,decades,of,losing,your,jobs,to,other,countries,you,have,waited,long,enough!
Big,legislation,will,be,signed,by,me,shortly.,After,many,years,RIGHT,TO,TRY,and,big,changes,to,DODD,FRANK.
Our,Trade,Deal,with,China,is,moving,along,nicely,but,in,the,end,we,will,probably,have,to,use,a,different,structure,in,that,this,will,be,too,hard,to,get,done,and,to,verify,results,after,completion.
“Trump,should,be,happy,that,the,FBI,was,SPYING,on,his,campaign”,No,James,Clapper,I,am,not,happy.,Spying,on,a,campaign,would,be,illegal,and,a,scandal,to,boot!
Everybody,is,with,Tomi,Lahren,a,truly,outstanding,and,respected,young,woman!,@foxandfriends
SPYGATE,could,be,one,of,the,biggest,political,scandals,in,history!
“It’s,clear,that,they,had,eyes,and,ears,all,over,the,Trump,Campaign”,Judge,Andrew,Napolitano
Look,how,things,have,turned,around,on,the,Criminal,Deep,State.,They,go,after,Phony,Collusion,with,Russia,a,made,up,Scam,and,end,up,getting,caught,in,a,major,SPY,scandal,the,likes,of,which,this,country,may,never,have,seen,before!,What,goes,around,comes,around!
@foxandfriends,,“New,Bombshell,in,the,Obama,Spying,Scandal.,Did,other,Agencies,SPY,on,Trump,Campaign?”,Even,Clapper,worlds,dumbest,former,Intelligence,Head,who,has,the,problem,of,lying,a,lot,used,the,word,SPY,when,describing,the,illegal,activities!
If,the,person,placed,very,early,into,my,campaign,wasn’t,a,SPY,put,there,by,the,previous,Administration,for,political,purposes,how,come,such,a,seemingly,massive,amount,of,money,was,paid,for,services,rendered,-,many,times,higher,than,normal...
...Follow,the,money!,The,spy,was,there,early,in,the,campaign,and,yet,never,reported,Collusion,with,Russia,because,there,was,no,Collusion.,He,was,only,there,to,spy,for,political,reasons,and,to,help,Crooked,Hillary,win,-,just,like,they,did,to,Bernie,Sanders,who,got,duped!
For,the,first,time,since,Roe,v.,Wade,America,has,a,Pro-Life,President,a,Pro-Life,Vice,President,a,Pro-Life,House,of,Representatives,and,25,Pro-Life,Republican,State,Capitals!,https://t.co/EfF54tmetT
It,was,my,honor,to,welcome,@NASCAR,Cup,Series,Champion,@MartinTruex_Jr,and,his,team,to,the,@WhiteHouse,yesterday!,https://t.co/5cr2oybrnQ
Today,it,was,my,great,honor,to,welcome,President,Moon,Jae-in,of,the,Republic,of,Korea,to,the,@WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇰🇷,https://t.co/yvOxNiA1DM
.@AsaHutchinson,the,great,Governor,of,Arkansas,is,in,a,primary,tomorrow.,He,has,done,an,incredible,job,with,a,focus,on,lower,taxes,border,security,and,crime,prevention.,Asa,loves,our,military,and,our,veterans.,I,fully,endorse,Asa,for,Governor!
Under,our,potential,deal,with,China,they,will,purchase,from,our,Great,American,Farmers,practically,as,much,as,our,Farmers,can,produce.
The,Wall,Street,Journal,asks,“WHERE,IN,THE,WORLD,WAS,BARACK,OBAMA?”,,A,very,good,question!
...they,then,used,to,start,an,investigation,about,Trump.,It,is,that,simple.,This,guy,is,the,genesis,of,this,whole,Debacle.,This,was,a,Political,hit,job,this,was,not,an,Intelligence,Investigation.,Brennan,has,disgraced,himself,he’s,worried,about,staying,out,of,Jail.”,Dan,Bongino
....top,of,the,FBI.,Brennan,started,this,entire,debacle,about,President,Trump.,We,now,know,that,Brennan,had,detailed,knowledge,of,the,(phony),Dossier...he,knows,about,the,Dossier,he,denies,knowledge,of,the,Dossier,he,briefs,the,Gang,of,8,on,the,Hill,about,the,Dossier,which....
“John,Brennan,is,panicking.,He,has,disgraced,himself,he,has,disgraced,the,Country,he,has,disgraced,the,entire,Intelligence,Community.,He,is,the,one,man,who,is,largely,responsible,for,the,destruction,of,American’s,faith,in,the,Intelligence,Community,and,in,some,people,at,the....
China,must,continue,to,be,strong,&amp;,tight,on,the,Border,of,North,Korea,until,a,deal,is,made.,The,word,is,that,recently,the,Border,has,become,much,more,porous,and,more,has,been,filtering,in.,I,want,this,to,happen,and,North,Korea,to,be,VERY,successful,but,only,after,signing!
On,China,Barriers,and,Tariffs,to,come,down,for,first,time.
China,has,agreed,to,buy,massive,amounts,of,ADDITIONAL,Farm/Agricultural,Products,-,would,be,one,of,the,best,things,to,happen,to,our,farmers,in,many,years!
I,ask,Senator,Chuck,Schumer,why,didn’t,President,Obama,&amp;,the,Democrats,do,something,about,Trade,with,China,including,Theft,of,Intellectual,Property,etc.?,They,did,NOTHING!,With,that,being,said,Chuck,&amp;,I,have,long,agreed,on,this,issue!,Fair,Trade,plus,with,China,will,happen!
I,hereby,demand,and,will,do,so,officially,tomorrow,that,the,Department,of,Justice,look,into,whether,or,not,the,FBI/DOJ,infiltrated,or,surveilled,the,Trump,Campaign,for,Political,Purposes,-,and,if,any,such,demands,or,requests,were,made,by,people,within,the,Obama,Administration!
The,Witch,Hunt,finds,no,Collusion,with,Russia,-,so,now,they’re,looking,at,the,rest,of,the,World.,Oh’,great!
....and,why,hasn’t,the,Podesta,brother,been,charged,and,arrested,like,others,after,being,forced,to,close,down,his,very,large,and,successful,firm?,Is,it,because,he,is,a,VERY,well,connected,Democrat,working,in,the,Swamp,of,Washington,D.C.?
What,ever,happened,to,the,Server,at,the,center,of,so,much,Corruption,that,the,Democratic,National,Committee,REFUSED,to,hand,over,to,the,hard,charging,(except,in,the,case,of,Democrats),FBI?,They,broke,into,homes,&amp;,offices,early,in,the,morning,but,were,afraid,to,take,the,Server?
Now,that,the,Witch,Hunt,has,given,up,on,Russia,and,is,looking,at,the,rest,of,the,World,they,should,easily,be,able,to,take,it,into,the,Mid-Term,Elections,where,they,can,put,some,hurt,on,the,Republican,Party.,Don’t,worry,about,Dems,FISA,Abuse,missing,Emails,or,Fraudulent,Dossier!
...in,the,Hillary,Clinton,Campaign,where,she,deleted,33000,Emails,got,$145000000,while,Secretary,of,State,paid,McCabes,wife,$700000,(and,got,off,the,FBI,hook,along,with,Terry,M),and,so,much,more.,Republicans,and,real,Americans,should,start,getting,tough,on,this,Scam.
....At,what,point,does,this,soon,to,be,$20000000,Witch,Hunt,composed,of,13,Angry,and,Heavily,Conflicted,Democrats,and,two,people,who,have,worked,for,Obama,for,8,years,STOP!,They,have,found,no,Collussion,with,Russia,No,Obstruction,but,they,aren’t,looking,at,the,corruption...
Things,are,really,getting,ridiculous.,The,Failing,and,Crooked,(but,not,as,Crooked,as,Hillary,Clinton),@nytimes,has,done,a,long,&amp;,boring,story,indicating,that,the,World’s,most,expensive,Witch,Hunt,has,found,nothing,on,Russia,&amp;,me,so,now,they,are,looking,at,the,rest,of,the,World!
If,the,FBI,or,DOJ,was,infiltrating,a,campaign,for,the,benefit,of,another,campaign,that,is,a,really,big,deal.,Only,the,release,or,review,of,documents,that,the,House,Intelligence,Committee,(also,Senate,Judiciary),is,asking,for,can,give,the,conclusive,answers.,Drain,the,Swamp!
Great,to,have,our,incredible,First,Lady,back,home,in,the,White,House.,Melania,is,feeling,and,doing,really,well.,Thank,you,for,all,of,your,prayers,and,best,wishes!
Great,to,have,our,incredible,First,Lady,back,home,in,the,White,House.,Melanie,is,feeling,and,doing,really,well.,Thank,you,for,all,of,your,prayers,and,best,wishes!
Happy,#ArmedForcesDay,to,our,GREAT,military,men,and,women,for,their,selfless,service,to,our,Nation!,https://t.co/jbJvrkV1hH
America,is,blessed,with,extraordinary,energy,abundance,including,more,than,250,years,worth,of,beautiful,clean,coal.,We,have,ended,the,war,on,coal,and,will,continue,to,work,to,promote,American,energy,dominance!
California,finally,deserves,a,great,Governor,one,who,understands,borders,crime,and,lowering,taxes.,John,Cox,is,the,man,-,he’ll,be,the,best,Governor,you’ve,ever,had.,I,fully,endorse,John,Cox,for,Governor,and,look,forward,to,working,with,him,to,Make,California,Great,Again!
Just,met,with,UN,Secretary-General,António,Guterres,who,is,working,hard,to,“Make,the,United,Nations,Great,Again.”,When,the,UN,does,more,to,solve,conflicts,around,the,world,it,means,the,U.S.,has,less,to,do,and,we,save,money.,@NikkiHaley,is,doing,a,fantastic,job!,https://t.co/pqUv6cyH2z
America,is,a,Nation,that,believes,in,the,power,of,redemption.,America,is,a,Nation,that,believes,in,second,chances,-,and,America,is,a,Nation,that,believes,that,the,best,is,always,yet,to,come!,#PrisonReform,https://t.co/Yk5UJUYgHN
We,grieve,for,the,terrible,loss,of,life,and,send,our,support,and,love,to,everyone,affected,by,this,horrible,attack,in,Texas.,To,the,students,families,teachers,and,personnel,at,Santa,Fe,High,School,–,we,are,with,you,in,this,tragic,hour,and,we,will,be,with,you,forever...,https://t.co/LtJ0D29Hsv
School,shooting,in,Texas.,Early,reports,not,looking,good.,God,bless,all!
Reports,are,there,was,indeed,at,least,one,FBI,representative,implanted,for,political,purposes,into,my,campaign,for,president.,It,took,place,very,early,on,and,long,before,the,phony,Russia,Hoax,became,a,“hot”,Fake,News,story.,If,true,-,all,time,biggest,political,scandal!
Why,isn’t,disgraced,FBI,official,Andrew,McCabe,being,investigated,for,the,$700000,Crooked,Hillary,Democrats,in,Virginia,led,by,Clinton,best,friend,Terry,M,(under,FBI,investigation,that,they,killed),gave,to,McCabe’s,wife,in,her,run,for,office?,Then,dropped,case,on,Clinton!
Fake,News,Media,had,me,calling,Immigrants,or,Illegal,Immigrants,“Animals.”,Wrong!,They,were,begrudgingly,forced,to,withdraw,their,stories.,I,referred,to,MS,13,Gang,Members,as,“Animals”,a,big,difference,-,and,so,true.,Fake,News,got,it,purposely,wrong,as,usual!
“Apparently,the,DOJ,put,a,Spy,in,the,Trump,Campaign.,This,has,never,been,done,before,and,by,any,means,necessary,they,are,out,to,frame,Donald,Trump,for,crimes,he,didn’t,commit.”,,David,Asman,,@LouDobbs,@GreggJarrett,,,Really,bad,stuff!
It,was,my,great,honor,to,visit,with,our,HEROES,last,night,at,Walter,Reed,Medical,Center.,There,is,nobody,like,them!,https://t.co/fG5W1SwIHK
Tomorrow,the,House,will,vote,on,a,strong,Farm,Bill,which,includes,work,requirements.,We,must,support,our,Nation’s,great,farmers!
Great,talk,with,my,friend,President,Mauricio,Macri,of,Argentina,this,week.,He,is,doing,such,a,good,job,for,Argentina.,I,support,his,vision,for,transforming,his,country’s,economy,and,unleashing,its,potential!
Talking,trade,with,the,Vice,Premier,of,the,People’s,Republic,of,China,Liu,He.,https://t.co/9T7Iq6F3Xe
Congratulations,to,our,new,CIA,Director,Gina,Haspel!,https://t.co/n1xj9LSV9D
Congrats,to,the,House,for,passing,the,VA,MISSION,Act,yesterday.,Without,this,funding,our,veterans,will,be,forced,to,stand,in,never,ending,lines,in,order,to,receive,care.,Putting,politics,over,our,veterans,care,is,UNACCEPTABLE,–,Senate,must,vote,yes,on,this,bill,by,Memorial,Day!
Despite,the,disgusting,illegal,and,unwarranted,Witch,Hunt,we,have,had,the,most,successful,first,17,month,Administration,in,U.S.,history,-,by,far!,Sorry,to,the,Fake,News,Media,and,“Haters”,but,that’s,the,way,it,is!
Wow,word,seems,to,be,coming,out,that,the,Obama,FBI,“SPIED,ON,THE,TRUMP,CAMPAIGN,WITH,AN,EMBEDDED,INFORMANT.”,Andrew,McCarthy,says,“There’s,probably,no,doubt,that,they,had,at,least,one,confidential,informant,in,the,campaign.”,If,so,this,is,bigger,than,Watergate!
Wow,word,seems,to,be,coming,out,that,the,Obama,FBI,“SPIED,ON,THE,TRUMP,CAMPAIGN,WITH,AN,IMBEDDED,INFORMANT.”,Andrew,McCarthy,says,“There’s,probably,no,doubt,that,they,had,at,least,one,confidential,informant,in,the,campaign.”,If,so,this,is,bigger,than,Watergate!
Congratulations,America,we,are,now,into,the,second,year,of,the,greatest,Witch,Hunt,in,American,History...and,there,is,still,No,Collusion,and,No,Obstruction.,The,only,Collusion,was,that,done,by,Democrats,who,were,unable,to,win,an,Election,despite,the,spending,of,far,more,money!
Gina,Haspel,is,one,step,closer,to,leading,our,brave,men,and,women,at,the,CIA.,She,is,exceptionally,qualified,and,the,Senate,should,confirm,her,immediately.,We,need,her,to,keep,our,great,country,safe!,#ConfirmGina
...and,voted,against,the,massive,Tax,Cut,Bill.,He’s,also,weak,on,borders,and,crime.,Sadly,our,great,Military,and,Vets,mean,nothing,to,Bobby,Jr.,Lou,Barletta,will,win!,#MAGA
Lou,Barletta,will,be,a,great,Senator,for,Pennsylvania,but,his,opponent,Bob,Casey,has,been,a,do-nothing,Senator,who,only,shows,up,at,election,time.,He,votes,along,the,Nancy,Pelosi,Elizabeth,Warren,lines,loves,sanctuary,cities,bad,and,expensive,healthcare...
Today,it,was,my,great,honor,to,welcome,President,Mirziyoyev,of,Uzbekistan,to,the,@WhiteHouse!,https://t.co/3EkHChjnYA
House,votes,today,on,Choice/MISSION,Act.,Who,will,stand,with,our,Great,Vets,caregivers,and,Veterans,Service,Organizations?,Must,get,Choice,passed,by,Memorial,Day!
...We,have,not,seen,China’s,demands,yet,which,should,be,few,in,that,previous,U.S.,Administrations,have,done,so,poorly,in,negotiating.,China,has,seen,our,demands.,There,has,been,no,folding,as,the,media,would,love,people,to,believe,the,meetings...
...haven’t,even,started,yet!,The,U.S.,has,very,little,to,give,because,it,has,given,so,much,over,the,years.,China,has,much,to,give!
The,Washington,Post,and,CNN,have,typically,written,false,stories,about,our,trade,negotiations,with,China.,Nothing,has,happened,with,ZTE,except,as,it,pertains,to,the,larger,trade,deal.,Our,country,has,been,losing,hundreds,of,billions,of,dollars,a,year,with,China...
Congratulations,to,Deb,Fischer.,The,people,of,Nebraska,have,seen,what,a,great,job,she,is,doing,-,and,it,showed,up,at,the,ballot,box!,#MAGA
Congratulations,to,Lou,Barletta,of,Pennsylvania.,He,will,be,a,great,Senator,and,will,represent,his,people,well,-,like,they,haven’t,been,represented,in,many,years.,Lou,is,a,friend,of,mine,and,a,special,guy,he,will,very,much,help,MAKE,AMERICA,GREAT,AGAIN!
Thank,you,to,the,Washington,Examiner,and,@CortesSteve,on,the,great,article,-,on,WINNING!,https://t.co/b5dfUABN5q
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay,https://t.co/agxulpPyag
Today,is,one,of,the,most,important,and,solemn,occasions,of,the,year,–,the,day,we,pay,tribute,to,the,Law,Enforcement,Heroes,who,gave,their,lives,in,the,line,of,duty.,They,made,the,ultimate,sacrifice,so,that,we,could,live,in,safety,and,peace.,We,stand,with,our,police,(HEROES),100%!,https://t.co/XDtYRUeOk1
Nebraska,-,make,sure,you,get,out,to,the,polls,and,VOTE,for,Deb,Fischer,today!,https://t.co/bDHVaGv2FS
Can,you,believe,that,with,all,of,the,made,up,unsourced,stories,I,get,from,the,Fake,News,Media,together,with,the,,$10000000,Russian,Witch,Hunt,(there,is,no,Collusion),I,now,have,my,best,Poll,Numbers,in,a,year.,Much,of,the,Media,may,be,corrupt,but,the,People,truly,get,it!
Trade,negotiations,are,continuing,with,China.,They,have,been,making,hundreds,of,billions,of,dollars,a,year,from,the,U.S.,for,many,years.,Stay,tuned!
Our,great,First,Lady,is,doing,really,well.,Will,be,leaving,hospital,in,2,or,3,days.,Thank,you,for,so,much,love,and,support!
Heading,over,to,Walter,Reed,Medical,Center,to,see,our,great,First,Lady,Melania.,Successful,procedure,she,is,in,good,spirits.,Thank,you,to,all,of,the,well-wishers!
The,so-called,leaks,coming,out,of,the,White,House,are,a,massive,over,,exaggeration,put,out,by,the,Fake,News,Media,in,order,to,make,us,look,as,bad,as,possible.,With,that,being,said,leakers,are,traitors,and,cowards,and,we,will,find,out,who,they,are!
ZTE,the,large,Chinese,phone,company,buys,a,big,percentage,of,individual,parts,from,U.S.,companies.,This,is,also,reflective,of,the,larger,trade,deal,we,are,negotiating,with,China,and,my,personal,relationship,with,President,Xi.
#USEmbassyJerusalem,https://t.co/f1SFvrkcAH
Big,day,for,Israel.,Congratulations!
U.S.,Embassy,opening,in,Jerusalem,will,be,covered,live,on,@FoxNews,&amp;,@FoxBusiness.,Lead,up,to,9:00,A.M.,(eastern),event,has,already,begun.,A,great,day,for,Israel!
So,sad,to,see,the,Terror,Attack,in,Paris.,At,some,point,countries,will,have,to,open,their,eyes,&amp;,see,what,is,really,going,on.,This,kind,of,sickness,&amp;,hatred,is,not,compatible,with,a,loving,peaceful,&amp;,successful,country!,Changes,to,our,thought,process,on,terror,must,be,made.
Remember,how,badly,Iran,was,behaving,with,the,Iran,Deal,in,place.,They,were,trying,to,take,over,the,Middle,East,by,whatever,means,necessary.,Now,that,will,not,happen!
China,and,the,United,States,are,working,well,together,on,trade,but,past,negotiations,have,been,so,one,sided,in,favor,of,China,for,so,many,years,that,it,is,hard,for,them,to,make,a,deal,that,benefits,both,countries.,But,be,cool,it,will,all,work,out!
President,Xi,of,China,and,I,are,working,together,to,give,massive,Chinese,phone,company,ZTE,a,way,to,get,back,into,business,fast.,Too,many,jobs,in,China,lost.,Commerce,Department,has,been,instructed,to,get,it,done!
Happy,Mother’s,Day!!!,https://t.co/zw71dnT7TJ
The,Senate,should,get,funding,done,before,the,August,break,or,NOT,GO,HOME.,Wall,and,Border,Security,should,be,included.,Also,waiting,for,approval,of,almost,300,nominations,worst,in,history.,Democrats,are,doing,everything,possible,to,obstruct,all,they,know,how,to,do.,STAY!
Iran’s,Military,Budget,is,up,more,than,40%,since,the,Obama,negotiated,Nuclear,Deal,was,reached...just,another,indicator,that,it,was,all,a,big,lie.,But,not,anymore!
North,Korea,has,announced,that,they,will,dismantle,Nuclear,Test,Site,this,month,ahead,of,the,big,Summit,Meeting,on,June,12th.,Thank,you,a,very,smart,and,gracious,gesture!
Why,doesn’t,the,Fake,News,Media,state,that,the,Trump,Administration’s,Anti-Trust,Division,has,been,and,is,opposed,to,the,AT&amp;T,purchase,of,Time,Warner,in,a,currently,ongoing,Trial.,Such,a,disgrace,in,reporting!
Big,week,next,week,when,the,American,Embassy,in,Israel,will,be,moved,to,Jerusalem.,Congratulations,to,all!
The,American,people,deserve,a,healthcare,system,that,takes,care,of,them,–,not,one,that,takes,advantage,of,them.,We,will,work,every,day,to,ensure,all,Americans,have,access,to,the,quality,affordable,medication,they,need,and,deserve.,We,will,not,rest,until,the,job,is,done!,https://t.co/9BzevAniNx
Today,my,Administration,is,launching,the,most,sweeping,action,in,history,to,lower,the,price,of,prescription,drugs,for,the,American,People.,We,will,have,tougher,negotiation,more,competition,and,much,lower,prices,at,the,pharmacy,counter!,https://t.co/xdakX43a4d
Thank,you,Indiana!,#MAGA🇺🇸https://t.co/fCv76VyUax
The,highly,anticipated,meeting,between,Kim,Jong,Un,and,myself,will,take,place,in,Singapore,on,June,12th.,We,will,both,try,to,make,it,a,very,special,moment,for,World,Peace!
Five,Most,Wanted,leaders,of,ISIS,just,captured!
Senator,Cryin’,Chuck,Schumer,fought,hard,against,the,Bad,Iran,Deal,even,going,at,it,with,President,Obama,&amp;,then,Voted,AGAINST,it!,Now,he,says,I,should,not,have,terminated,the,deal,-,but,he,doesn’t,really,believe,that!,Same,with,Comey.,Thought,he,was,terrible,until,I,fired,him!
On,behalf,of,the,American,people,WELCOME,HOME!,https://t.co/hISaCI95CB
Gina,Haspel,did,a,spectacular,job,today.,There,is,nobody,even,close,to,run,the,CIA!
Looking,forward,to,greeting,the,Hostages,(no,longer),at,2:00,A.M.
The,Failing,New,York,Times,criticized,Secretary,of,State,Pompeo,for,being,AWOL,(missing),when,in,fact,he,was,flying,to,North,Korea.,Fake,News,so,bad!
Secretary,Pompeo,and,his,“guests”,will,be,landing,at,Andrews,Air,Force,Base,at,2:00,A.M.,in,the,morning.,I,will,be,there,to,greet,them.,Very,exciting!
I,am,pleased,to,inform,you,that,Secretary,of,State,Mike,Pompeo,is,in,the,air,and,on,his,way,back,from,North,Korea,with,the,3,wonderful,gentlemen,that,everyone,is,looking,so,forward,to,meeting.,They,seem,to,be,in,good,health.,Also,good,meeting,with,Kim,Jong,Un.,Date,&amp;,Place,set.
Congratulations,to,Mike,Dewine,on,his,big,win,in,the,Great,State,of,Ohio.,He,will,be,a,great,Governor,with,a,heavy,focus,on,HealthCare,and,Jobs.,,His,Socialist,opponent,in,November,should,not,do,well,a,big,failure,in,last,job!
Candace,Owens,of,Turning,Point,USA,is,having,a,big,impact,on,politics,in,our,Country.,She,represents,an,ever,expanding,group,of,very,smart,“thinkers”,and,it,is,wonderful,to,watch,and,hear,the,dialogue,going,on...so,good,for,our,Country!
The,Fake,News,is,working,overtime.,Just,reported,that,despite,the,tremendous,success,we,are,having,with,the,economy,&amp;,all,things,else,91%,of,the,Network,News,about,me,is,negative,(Fake).,Why,do,we,work,so,hard,in,working,with,the,media,when,it,is,corrupt?,Take,away,credentials?
The,Republican,Party,had,a,great,night.,Tremendous,voter,energy,and,excitement,and,all,candidates,are,those,who,have,a,great,chance,of,winning,in,November.,The,Economy,is,sooo,strong,and,with,Nancy,Pelosi,wanting,to,end,the,big,Tax,Cuts,and,Raise,Taxes,why,wouldn’t,we,win?
The,Iran,Deal,is,defective,at,its,core.,If,we,do,nothing,we,know,what,will,happen.,In,just,a,short,time,the,world’s,leading,state,sponsor,of,terror,will,be,on,the,cusp,of,acquiring,the,world’s,most,dangerous,weapons....,https://t.co/58qwBLzxIH
Statement,on,the,Iran,Nuclear,Deal:,https://t.co/O3SpryCKkc
John,Kerry,can’t,get,over,the,fact,that,he,had,his,chance,and,blew,it!,Stay,away,from,negotiations,John,you,are,hurting,your,country!
I,will,be,speaking,to,my,friend,President,Xi,of,China,this,morning,at,8:30.,The,primary,topics,will,be,Trade,where,good,things,will,happen,and,North,Korea,where,relationships,and,trust,are,building.
Gina,Haspel,my,highly,respected,nominee,to,lead,the,CIA,is,being,praised,for,the,fact,that,she,has,been,and,alway,will,be,TOUGH,ON,TERROR!,This,is,a,woman,who,has,been,a,leader,wherever,she,has,gone.,The,CIA,wants,her,to,lead,them,into,America’s,,bright,and,glorious,future!
I,will,be,announcing,my,decision,on,the,Iran,Deal,tomorrow,from,the,White,House,at,2:00pm.
National,Prescription,Drug,#TakeBackDay,numbers,are,in!,Another,record,broken:,nearly,1,MILLION,pounds,of,Rx,pills,disposed!,Let’s,keep,fighting,this,opioid,epidemic,America!
The,United,States,does,not,need,John,Kerry’s,possibly,illegal,Shadow,Diplomacy,on,the,very,badly,negotiated,Iran,Deal.,,He,was,the,one,that,created,this,MESS,in,the,first,place!
Is,this,Phony,Witch,Hunt,going,to,go,on,even,longer,so,it,wrongfully,impacts,the,Mid-Term,Elections,which,is,what,the,Democrats,always,intended?,Republicans,better,get,tough,and,smart,before,it,is,too,late!
Lisa,Page,who,may,hold,the,record,for,the,most,Emails,in,the,shortest,period,of,time,(to,her,Lover,Peter,S),and,attorney,Baker,are,out,at,the,FBI,as,part,of,the,Probers,getting,caught?,Why,is,Peter,S,still,there?,What,a,total,mess.,Our,Country,has,to,get,back,to,Business!
Good,luck,to,Ric,Grenell,our,new,Ambassador,to,Germany.,A,great,and,talented,guy,he,will,represent,our,Country,well!
“The,Great,Revolt”,by,Salena,Zito,and,Brad,Todd,does,much,to,tell,the,story,of,our,great,Election,victory.,The,Forgotten,Men,&amp;,Women,are,forgotten,no,longer!
The,13,Angry,Democrats,in,charge,of,the,Russian,Witch,Hunt,are,starting,to,find,out,that,there,is,a,Court,System,in,place,that,actually,protects,people,from,injustice...and,just,wait,‘till,the,Courts,get,to,see,your,unrevealed,Conflicts,of,Interest!
The,Russia,Witch,Hunt,is,rapidly,losing,credibility.,House,Intelligence,Committee,found,No,Collusion,Coordination,or,anything,else,with,Russia.,So,now,the,Probe,says,OK,what,else,is,there?,How,about,Obstruction,for,a,made,up,phony,crime.There,is,no,O,it’s,called,Fighting,Back
My,highly,respected,nominee,for,CIA,Director,Gina,Haspel,has,come,under,fire,because,she,was,too,tough,on,Terrorists.,Think,of,that,in,these,very,dangerous,times,we,have,the,most,qualified,person,a,woman,who,Democrats,want,OUT,because,she,is,too,tough,on,terror.,Win,Gina!
To,the,great,people,of,West,Virginia,we,have,together,a,really,great,chance,to,keep,making,a,big,difference.,Problem,is,Don,Blankenship,currently,running,for,Senate,can’t,win,the,General,Election,in,your,State...No,way!,Remember,Alabama.,Vote,Rep.,Jenkins,or,A.G.,Morrisey!
Thank,you,Cleveland,Ohio!,https://t.co/ROEFRLY7jP
Our,high,level,delegation,is,on,the,way,back,from,China,where,they,had,long,meetings,with,Chinese,leaders,and,business,representatives.,We,will,be,meeting,tomorrow,to,determine,the,results,but,it,is,hard,for,China,in,that,they,have,become,very,spoiled,with,U.S.,trade,wins!
Just,returned,home,to,the,beautiful,White,House,from,Dallas,where,the,Arena,was,packed,to,the,rafters,with,the,great,fans,and,supporters,of,the,@NRA.,It,was,so,wonderful,to,be,there!
Great,book,just,out,by,very,successful,businessman,@AndyPuzder.,Always,known,as,somebody,who,knows,how,to,win,“Capitalist,Comeback”,will,be,a,big,hit!
I,want,to,thank,all,of,our,friends,and,patriots,at,the,@NRA.,We,will,never,fail,and,we,will,always,protect,your,Second,Amendment!,God,Bless,you,and,God,Bless,America!,https://t.co/3PoNPV24p4
We,are,going,to,demand,Congress,secure,the,border,in,the,upcoming,CR.,Illegal,immigration,must,end!
Democrats,and,liberals,in,Congress,want,to,disarm,law-abiding,Americans,at,the,same,time,they,are,releasing,dangerous,criminal,aliens,and,savage,gang,members,onto,our,streets.,Politicians,who,put,criminal,aliens,before,American,Citizens,should,be,voted,out,of,office!
All,of,us,here,today,are,united,by,the,same,timeless,values.,We,believe,that,our,liberty,is,a,gift,from,our,creator,and,that,no,Government,can,ever,take,it,away.,We,believe,in,the,rule,of,law,-,and,we,support,the,men,and,women,of,law,enforcement.,We,have,pride,in,our,history...,https://t.co/eONj1Y8oju
JUST,OUT:,3.9%,Unemployment.,4%,is,Broken!,In,the,meantime,WITCH,HUNT!
Going,to,Dallas,(the,GREAT,State,of,Texas),today.,Leaving,soon!
NBC,NEWS,is,wrong,again!,They,cite,“sources”,which,are,constantly,wrong.,Problem,is,like,so,many,others,the,sources,probably,don’t,exist,they,are,fabricated,fiction!,NBC,my,former,home,with,the,Apprentice,is,now,as,bad,as,Fake,News,CNN.,Sad!
Andy,McCarthy,will,be,on,,@LouDobbs,tonight.,7:00,P.M.,,@FoxBusiness.
Because,Jobs,in,the,U.S.,are,doing,so,well,Americans,receiving,unemployment,aid,is,the,lowest,since,1973.,Great!
Our,Southern,Border,is,under,siege.,Congress,must,act,now,to,change,our,weak,and,ineffective,immigration,laws.,Must,build,a,Wall.,Mexico,which,has,a,massive,crime,problem,is,doing,little,to,help!
#NationalDayOfPrayer,https://t.co/nFUc3uyQL8
This,spring,marks,4yrs,since,the,Phoenix,VA,crisis.,We,won't,forget,what,happened,to,our,GREAT,VETS.,Choice,is,vital,but,the,program,needs,work,&amp;,is,running,out,of,$.,Congress,must,fix,Choice,Program,by,Memorial,Day,so,VETS,can,get,the,care,they,deserve.,I,will,sign,immediately!
Today,it,was,my,great,honor,to,celebrate,the,#NationalDayOfPrayer,at,the,@WhiteHouse,in,the,Rose,Garden!,Proclamation:,https://t.co/4jAxJnBJoq,https://t.co/AsWTfpu290
...despite,already,having,signed,a,detailed,letter,admitting,that,there,was,no,affair.,Prior,to,its,violation,by,Ms.,Clifford,and,her,attorney,this,was,a,private,agreement.,Money,from,the,campaign,or,campaign,contributions,played,no,roll,in,this,transaction.
...very,common,among,celebrities,and,people,of,wealth.,In,this,case,it,is,in,full,force,and,effect,and,will,be,used,in,Arbitration,for,damages,against,Ms.,Clifford,(Daniels).,The,agreement,was,used,to,stop,the,false,and,extortionist,accusations,made,by,her,about,an,affair......
Mr.,Cohen,an,attorney,received,a,monthly,retainer,not,from,the,campaign,and,having,nothing,to,do,with,the,campaign,from,which,he,entered,into,through,reimbursement,a,private,contract,between,two,parties,known,as,a,non-disclosure,agreement,or,NDA.,These,agreements,are.....
Our,great,financial,team,is,in,China,trying,to,negotiate,a,level,playing,field,on,trade!,I,look,forward,to,being,with,President,Xi,in,the,not,too,distant,future.,We,will,always,have,a,good,(great),relationship!
Ainsley,Earnhardt,a,truly,great,person,just,wrote,a,wonderful,book,“The,Light,Within,Me”,which,is,doing,really,well.,She,is,very,special,and,so,is,her,new,book...bring,it,to,number,one!
As,everybody,is,aware,the,past,Administration,has,long,been,asking,for,three,hostages,to,be,released,from,a,North,Korean,Labor,camp,but,to,no,avail.,Stay,tuned!
“This,isn’t,some,game.,You,are,screwing,with,the,work,of,the,president,of,the,United,States.”,,John,Dowd,March,2018.,,With,North,Korea,China,the,Middle,East,and,so,much,more,there,is,not,much,time,to,be,thinking,about,this,especially,since,there,was,no,Russian,“Collusion.”
I,have,been,briefed,on,the,U.S.,C-130,“Hercules”,cargo,plane,from,the,Puerto,Rico,National,Guard,that,crashed,near,Savannah,Hilton,Head,International,Airport.,Please,join,me,in,thoughts,and,prayers,for,the,victims,their,families,and,the,great,men,and,women,of,the,National,Guard.
Congratulations,@SecPompeo!,https://t.co/ECrMGkXMQF
A,Rigged,System,-,They,don’t,want,to,turn,over,Documents,to,Congress.,What,are,they,afraid,of?,Why,so,much,redacting?,Why,such,unequal,“justice?”,At,some,point,I,will,have,no,choice,but,to,use,the,powers,granted,to,the,Presidency,and,get,involved!
NEW,BOOK,-,A,MUST,READ!,“The,Russia,Hoax,-,The,Illicit,Scheme,to,Clear,Hillary,Clinton,and,Frame,Donald,Trump”,by,the,brilliant,Fox,News,Legal,Analyst,Gregg,Jarrett.,A,sad,chapter,for,law,enforcement.,A,rigged,system!
“The,questions,are,an,intrusion,into,the,President’s,Article,2,,powers,under,the,Constitution,to,fire,any,Executive,Branch,Employee...what,the,President,was,thinking,is,an,outrageous.....as,to,the,President’s,unfettered,power,to,fire,anyone...”,Joe,Digenova,former,US,Attorney
There,was,no,Collusion,(it,is,a,Hoax),and,there,is,no,Obstruction,of,Justice,(that,is,a,setup,&amp;,trap).,What,there,is,is,Negotiations,going,on,with,North,Korea,over,Nuclear,War,Negotiations,going,on,with,China,over,Trade,Deficits,Negotiations,on,NAFTA,and,much,more.,Witch,Hunt!
Today,it,was,my,great,honor,to,thank,and,welcome,heroic,crew,members,and,passengers,of,Southwest,Airlines,Flight,1380,at,the,@WhiteHouse!,https://t.co/fYYgWToddi
Congratulations,@ArmyWP_Football!,https://t.co/rmaLoZMWtK
Today,I,had,the,great,honor,of,awarding,the,Commander-in-Chief’s,Trophy,for,the,first,time,in,21,years,to,the,@ArmyWP_Football,Black,Knights,at,the,@WhiteHouse.,Congratulations!https://t.co/KRQXR3xEES
Yesterday,it,was,my,great,honor,to,welcome,President,@MBuhari,of,the,Federal,Republic,of,Nigeria,to,the,@WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇳🇬,https://t.co/ApOC3CUSjV
It,would,seem,very,hard,to,obstruct,justice,for,a,crime,that,never,happened!,Witch,Hunt!
Delegation,heading,to,China,to,begin,talks,on,the,Massive,Trade,Deficit,that,has,been,created,with,our,Country.,Very,much,like,North,Korea,this,should,have,been,fixed,years,ago,not,now.,Same,with,other,countries,and,NAFTA...but,it,will,all,get,done.,Great,Potent"																																														
USA!																																																					
that	the	questions	concerning	the	Russian	Witch	Hunt	were	“leaked”	to	the	media.	No	questions	on	Collusion.	Oh	I	see...you	have	a	made	up	phony	crime	Collusion	that	never	existed	and	an	investigation	begun	with	illegally	leaked	classified	information.	Nice!														
House	is	running	very	smoothly	despite	phony	Witch	Hunts	etc.	There	is	great	Energy	and	unending	Stamina	both	necessary	to	get	things	done.	We	are	accomplishing	the	unthinkable	and	setting	positive	records	while	doing	so!	Fake	News	is	going	“bonkers!”														
News	is	going	crazy	making	up	FALSE	stories	and	using	only	unnamed	sources	(who	don’t	exist).	They	are	totally	unhinged	and	the	great	success	of	this	Administration	is	making	them	do	and	say	things	that	even	they	can’t	believe	they	are	saying.	Truly	bad	people!									
Business	Week	we	celebrate	the	great	hard-working	entrepreneurs	across	our	country	who	have	started	and	operate	a	small	business!																																			
‘caravan’	that	is	openly	defying	our	border	shows	how	weak	&amp;	ineffective	U.S.	immigration	laws	are.	Yet	Democrats	like	Jon	Tester	continue	to	support	the	open	borders	agenda	–	Tester	even	voted	to	protect	Sanctuary	Cities.	We	need	lawmakers	who	will	put	America	First.										
had	a	terrific	meeting	with	a	bipartisan	group	of	freshman	lawmakers	who	feel	very	strongly	in	favor	of	Congressional	term	limits.	I	gave	them	my	full	support	and	endorsement	for	their	efforts.	#DrainTheSwamp																					
are	being	considered	for	the	MEETING	but	would	Peace	House/Freedom	House	on	the	Border	of	North	&amp;	South	Korea	be	a	more	Representative	Important	and	Lasting	site	than	a	third	party	country?	Just	asking!																				
House	Correspondents’	Dinner	is	DEAD	as	we	know	it.	This	was	a	total	disaster	and	an	embarrassment	to	our	great	Country	and	all	that	it	stands	for.	FAKE	NEWS	is	alive	and	well	and	beautifully	represented	on	Saturday	night!															
Prepared	to	Cede	Nuclear	Weapons	if	U.S.	Pledges	Not	to	Invade”	-	from	the	Failing	New	York	Times.	Also	will	shut	down	Nuclear	Test	Site	in	May.																											
House	Correspondents’	Dinner	was	a	failure	last	year	but	this	year	was	an	embarrassment	to	everyone	associated	with	it.	The	filthy	“comedian”	totally	bombed	(couldn’t	even	deliver	her	lines-much	like	the	Seth	Meyers	weak	performance).	Put	Dinner	to	rest	or	start	over!												
are	driving	his	critics	Crazy!”	Thank	you	Steve	Hilton	@NextRevFNC	just	want	to	do	what	is	right	for	our	wonderful	U.S.A.																																	
recent	Poll	-	much	higher	than	President	O	at	same	time....Well	much	more	has	been	accomplished!																																						
Michigan	was	a	big	success	Washington	D.C.	just	didn’t	work.	Everyone	is	talking	about	the	fact	that	the	White	House	Correspondents	Dinner	was	a	very	big	boring	bust...the	so-called	comedian	really	“bombed.”	@greggutfeld	should	host	next	year!	@PeteHegseth																
last	night	in	Washington	Michigan.	The	enthusiasm	knowledge	and	love	in	that	room	was	unreal.	To	the	many	thousands	of	people	who	couldn’t	get	in	I	cherish	you....and	will	be	back!																							
LIVE	in	Washington	Michigan	at	7:00pmE	on	@FoxNews!	#MAGA																																													
has	just	informed	me	that	Senator	Jon	Tester’s	statements	on	Admiral	Jackson	are	not	true.	There	were	no	such	findings.	A	horrible	thing	that	we	in	D.C.	must	live	with	just	like	phony	Russian	Collusion.	Tester	should	lose	race	in	Montana.	Very	dishonest	and	sick!									
to	being	in	the	Great	State	of	Michigan	tonight.	Major	business	expansion	and	jobs	pouring	into	your	State.	Auto	companies	expanding	at	record	pace.	Big	crowd	tonight	will	be	live	on	T.V.																						
a	long	and	very	good	talk	with	President	Moon	of	South	Korea.	Things	are	going	very	well	time	and	location	of	meeting	with	North	Korea	is	being	set.	Also	spoke	to	Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan	to	inform	him	of	the	ongoing	negotiations.											
about	(fraudulent)	Dossier	leaks	to	CNN”	@foxandfriends	FoxNews		He	is	a	lying	machine	who	now	works	for	Fake	News	CNN.																																	
of	Montana	will	not	stand	for	this	kind	of	slander	when	talking	of	a	great	human	being.	Admiral	Jackson	is	the	kind	of	man	that	those	in	Montana	would	most	respect	and	admire	and	now	for	no	reason	whatsoever	his	reputation	has	been	shattered.	Not	fair	Tester!							
by	Senator	Jon	Tester	against	Admiral/Doctor	Ron	Jackson	are	proving	false.	The	Secret	Service	is	unable	to	confirm	(in	fact	they	deny)	any	of	the	phony	Democrat	charges	which	have	absolutely	devastated	the	wonderful	Jackson	family.	Tester	should	resign.	The.....														
Committee	rules	that	there	was	NO	COLLUSION	between	the	Trump	Campaign	and	Russia.	As	I	have	been	saying	all	along	it	is	all	a	big	Hoax	by	the	Democrats	based	on	payments	and	lies.	There	should	never	have	been	a	Special	Counsel	appointed.	Witch	Hunt!									
Committee	rules	that	there	was	NO	COLLUSION	between	the	Trump	Campaign	and	Russia.	As	I	have	been	saying	all	along	it	is	all	a	big	Hoax	by	the	Democrats	based	on	payments	and	lies.	There	should	never	have	been	a	Special	Councel	appointed.	Witch	Hunt!									
all	Americans	to	participate	in	#takebackday	tomorrow!	Let’s	come	together	and	BEAT	last	October’s	record	of	disposed	prescription	pills!	Visit	https://t.co/QCG7bHvvxd	to	learn	more	on	how	to	participate	Saturday	and	every	day.	https://t.co/W00YxL1RwK																					
House	Intelligence	Committee	Report	released.	“No	evidence”	that	the	Trump	Campaign	“colluded	coordinated	or	conspired	with	Russia.”	Clinton	Campaign	paid	for	Opposition	Research	obtained	from	Russia-	Wow!	A	total	Witch	Hunt!	MUST	END	NOW!																				
to	meeting	with	Chancellor	Angela	Merkel	of	Germany	today.	So	much	to	discuss	so	little	time!	It	will	be	good	for	both	of	our	great	countries!																												
has	performed	a	great	service	to	the	Black	Community	-	Big	things	are	happening	and	eyes	are	being	opened	for	the	first	time	in	Decades	-	Legacy	Stuff!	Thank	you	also	to	Chance	and	Dr.	Darrell	Scott	they	really	get	it	(lowest	Black	&amp;	Hispanic	unemployment	in	history).						
not	forget	the	great	help	that	my	good	friend	President	Xi	of	China	has	given	to	the	United	States	particularly	at	the	Border	of	North	Korea.	Without	him	it	would	have	been	a	much	longer	tougher	process!																	
to	have	Staff	Sgt.	Dan	Nevins	and	the	incredible	WOUNDED	WARRIORS	with	me	in	the	White	House	yesterday.	These	are	truly	brave	and	special	people!	@foxandfriends																												
TO	END!	The	United	States	and	all	of	its	GREAT	people	should	be	very	proud	of	what	is	now	taking	place	in	Korea!																															
furious	year	of	missile	launches	and	Nuclear	testing	a	historic	meeting	between	North	and	South	Korea	is	now	taking	place.	Good	things	are	happening	but	only	time	will	tell!																									
believing	what	is	going	on.	James	Comey	can’t	define	what	a	leak	is.	He	illegally	leaked	CLASSIFIED	INFORMATION	but	doesn’t	understand	what	he	did	or	how	serious	it	is.	He	lied	all	over	the	place	to	cover	it	up.	He’s	either	very	sick	or	very	dumb.	Remember	sailor!						
has	put	together	a	STRONG	bid	w/	Canada	&amp;	Mexico	for	the	2026	World	Cup.	It	would	be	a	shame	if	countries	that	we	always	support	were	to	lobby	against	the	U.S.	bid.	Why	should	we	be	supporting	these	countries	when	they	don’t	support	us	(including	at	the	United	Nations)?				
on	@foxandfriends	this	morning.	Great	show!																																																
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	8:00	A.M.	Enjoy!																																														
																																																					
Kanye	very	cool!	https://t.co/vRIC87M21X																																																		
to	my	meeting	with	Tim	Cook	of	Apple.	We	will	be	talking	about	many	things	including	how	the	U.S.	has	been	treated	unfairly	for	many	years	by	many	countries	on	trade.																							
a	spectacular	job	hosting	the	President	of	France	@EmmanuelMacron	and	his	wife	Brigitte.	Every	detail	was	done	to	perfection.	The	State	Dining	Room	never	looked	more	beautiful	and	Washington	is	abuzz	over	what	an	incredible	job	Melania	did.																
planned.		Looking	forward	to	watching	President	Macron	of	France	address	a	Joint	Session	of	Congress	today.	This	is	a	great	honor	and	seldom	allowed	to	be	done...he	will	be	GREAT!																							
Republican	Debbie	Lesko	on	her	big	win	in	the	Special	Election	for	Arizona	House	seat.	Debbie	will	do	a	Great	Job!	Press	is	so	silent.																													
great	republics	are	linked	together	by	the	timeless	bonds	of	history	culture	and	destiny.	We	are	people	who	cherish	our	values	protect	our	civilization	and	recognize	the	image	of	God	in	every	human	soul.	https://t.co/01c8iSGDB3																			
Melania	and	I	were	honored	to	welcome	French	President	@EmmanuelMacron	and	Mrs.	Brigitte	Macron	to	the	@WhiteHouse.	We	look	forward	to	hosting	them	at	tonight's	State	Dinner	in	their	honor.	https://t.co/wGJcWqSzyP																							
worked	so	hard	on	Tax	Reductions	Illegal	Immigration	the	Border	and	Crime.	I	need	Jim	very	badly	to	help	our	agenda	and	to	keep	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	He	will	be	a	fantastic	Senator	for	the	Great	State	of	Ohio	and	has	my	full	endorsement!									
worked	so	hard	on	Tax	Reductions	Illegal	Immigration	the	Border	and	Crime.	I	need	Jim	very	badly	to	help	our	agenda	and	to	keep	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	He	will	be	a	fantastic		Senator	for	the	Great	State	of	Ohio	and	has	my	full	endorsement!								
Calls	the	U.S.-France	Relationship	‘Unbreakable.’	History	Shows	He’s	Right.”	https://t.co/L0gT4rvaJO																																												
get	out	today	and	vote	@DebbieLesko	for	Congress	in	#AZ08.	Strong	on	Border	Immigration	and	Crime.	Great	on	the	Military.	Time	is	ticking	down	-	get	out	and	VOTE	today.	We	need	Debbie	in	Congress!																			
with	you	and	all	of	Canada	Prime	Minister	@JustinTrudeau.	Our	thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	you	all.	#TorontoStrong	https://t.co/Xo3Cn962z8																																			
meetings	and	discussions	with	my	friend	President	@EmmanuelMacron	of	France.	We	are	in	the	midst	of	meetings	on	Iran	Syria	and	Trade.	We	will	be	holding	a	joint	press	conference	shortly	here	at	the	@WhiteHouse.	🇺🇸🇫🇷	https://t.co/ju1FXhgjaD																	
great	stat	-	since	January	2017	the	number	of	people	forced	to	use	food	stamps	is	down	1.9	million.	The	American	people	are	finally	back	to	work!																											
laws	on	immigration	are	very	tough	must	stop	people	from	going	through	Mexico	and	into	the	U.S.	We	may	make	this	a	condition	of	the	new	NAFTA	Agreement.	Our	Country	cannot	accept	what	is	happening!	Also	we	must	get	Wall	funding	fast.												
Democrat	inspired	laws	on	Sanctuary	Cities	and	the	Border	being	so	bad	and	one	sided	I	have	instructed	the	Secretary	of	Homeland	Security	not	to	let	these	large	Caravans	of	people	into	our	Country.	It	is	a	disgrace.	We	are	the	only	Country	in	the	World	so	naive!	WALL					
believe	Obstructionists	May	vote	against	Mike	Pompeo	for	Secretary	of	State.	The	Dems	will	not	approve	hundreds	of	good	people	including	the	Ambassador	to	Germany.	They	are	maxing	out	the	time	on	approval	process	for	all	never	happened	before.	Need	more	Republicans!												
to	the	incredible	Law	Enforcement	Officers	from	the	Palm	Beach	County	Sheriff’s	Office.	They	keep	us	safe	and	are	very	cool	about	it!	https://t.co/NlhxpPwmzT																														
of	the	WSJ	just	said	after	reviewing	the	dumb	Comey	Memos	“you	got	to	ask	what	was	the	purpose	of	the	Special	Counsel?	There’s	no	there	there.”	Dan	Henninger	of	the	WSJ	said	Memos	would	show	that	this	would	be	one	of	the	weakest	obstruction	cases	ever	brought!						
all	of	the	Pundits	that	couldn’t	come	close	to	making	a	deal	on	North	Korea	are	now	all	over	the	place	telling	me	how	to	make	a	deal!																										
Witch	Hunt!																																																				
die	happy	now	with	Trump	Job	performance”	stated	Mary	Matalin.	“A	great	overall	President	stunning!”	Thank	you	Mary.																																				
a	long	way	from	conclusion	on	North	Korea	maybe	things	will	work	out	and	maybe	they	won’t	-	only	time	will	tell....But	the	work	I	am	doing	now	should	have	been	done	a	long	time	ago!																		
Chuck	Todd	of	Fake	News	NBC	just	stated	that	we	have	given	up	so	much	in	our	negotiations	with	North	Korea	and	they	have	given	up	nothing.	Wow	we	haven’t	given	up	anything	&amp;	they	have	agreed	to	denuclearization	(so	great	for	World)	site	closure	&amp;	no	more	testing!					
asking	Sessions	to	Investigate	Comey	and	Hillary	Clinton.”	@FoxNews			Good	luck	with	that	request!																																						
two	Memos	Comey	shared	with	a	friend	contained	Classified	Information.”		Wall	Street	Journal																																								
Post	said	I	refer	to	Jeff	Sessions	as	“Mr.	Magoo”	and	Rod	Rosenstein	as	“Mr.	Peepers.”	This	is	“according	to	people	with	whom	the	president	has	spoken.”	There	are	no	such	people	and	don’t	know	these	characters...just	more	Fake	&amp;	Disgusting	News	to	create	ill	will!								
Memos	are	Classified	I	did	not	Declassify	them.	They	belong	to	our	Government!	Therefore	he	broke	the	law!	Additionally	he	totally	made	up	many	of	the	things	he	said	I	said	and	he	is	already	a	proven	liar	and	leaker.	Where	are	Memos	on	Clinton	Lynch	&amp;	others?						
called	me	with	the	story	of	heavyweight	boxing	champion	Jack	Johnson.	His	trials	and	tribulations	were	great	his	life	complex	and	controversial.	Others	have	looked	at	this	over	the	years	most	thought	it	would	be	done	but	yes	I	am	considering	a	Full	Pardon!										
the	Democrats	have	sued	the	Republicans	for	Winning.	Now	he	R’s	counter	and	force	them	to	turn	over	a	treasure	trove	of	material	including	Servers	and	Emails!																											
the	Southern	White	House	to	watch	the	Funeral	Service	of	Barbara	Bush.	First	Lady	Melania	has	arrived	in	Houston	to	pay	our	respects.	Will	be	a	beautiful	day!																										
thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	the	entire	Bush	family.	In	memory	of	First	Lady	Barbara	Bush	there	is	a	remembrance	display	located	at	her	portrait	in	the	Center	Hall	of	the	@WhiteHouse.	https://t.co/AuJ3RLZyax																					
and	great	people	yesterday	in	Key	West	Florida.	Thank	you!	https://t.co/HqOUFgmbQS																																											
in	Washington	Michigan	on	Saturday	April	28	2018	at	7:00pm!	#MAGA	Tickets:	https://t.co/DISosdqBuu	https://t.co/gHdTgHw5FU																																								
and	a	drunk/drugged	up	loser	who	hates	Michael	a	fine	person	with	a	wonderful	family.	Michael	is	a	businessman	for	his	own	account/lawyer	who	I	have	always	liked	&amp;	respected.	Most	people	will	flip	if	the	Government	lets	them	out	of	trouble	even	if....										
lying	or	making	up	stories.	Sorry	I	don’t	see	Michael	doing	that	despite	the	horrible	Witch	Hunt	and	the	dishonest	media!																																	
York	Times	and	a	third	rate	reporter	named	Maggie	Haberman	known	as	a	Crooked	H	flunkie	who	I	don’t	speak	to	and	have	nothing	to	do	with	are	going	out	of	their	way	to	destroy	Michael	Cohen	and	his	relationship	with	me	in	the	hope	that	he	will	“flip.”	They	use....			
York	Times	and	a	third	rate	reporter	named	Maggie	Habberman	known	as	a	Crooked	H	flunkie	who	I	don’t	speak	to	and	have	nothing	to	do	with	are	going	out	of	their	way	to	destroy	Michael	Cohen	and	his	relationship	with	me	in	the	hope	that	he	will	“flip.”	They	use....			
and	a	drunk/drugged	up	loser	who	hates	Michael	a	fine	person	with	a	wonderful	family.	Michael	is	a	businessman	for	his	own	account/lawyer	who	I	have	always	liked	&amp;	respected.	Most	people	will	flip	if	the	Government	lets	them	out	of	trouble	even	if....										
lying	or	making	up	stories.	Sorry	I	don’t	see	Michael	doing	that	despite	the	horrible	Witch	Hunt	and	the	dishonest	media!																																	
from	Kim	Jong	Un:	“North	Korea	will	stop	nuclear	tests	and	launches	of	intercontinental	ballistic	missiles.”Also	will	“Shut	down	a	nuclear	test	site	in	the	country’s	Northern	Side	to	prove	the	vow	to	suspend	nuclear	tests.”	Progress	being	made	for	all!													
illegally	leaked	classified	documents	to	the	press	in	order	to	generate	a	Special	Council?	Therefore	the	Special	Council	was	established	based	on	an	illegal	act?	Really	does	everybody	know	what	that	means?																						
the	Campaign	was	sued	by	the	Obstructionist	Democrats.	This	can	be	good	news	in	that	we	will	now	counter	for	the	DNC	Server	that	they	refused	to	give	to	the	FBI	the	Debbie	Wasserman	Schultz	Servers	and	Documents	held	by	the	Pakistani	mystery	man	and	Clinton	Emails.							
has	agreed	to	suspend	all	Nuclear	Tests	and	close	up	a	major	test	site.	This	is	very	good	news	for	North	Korea	and	the	World	-	big	progress!	Look	forward	to	our	Summit.																					
the	Campaign	was	sued	by	the	Obstructionist	Democrats.	This	can	be	good	news	in	that	we	will	now	counter	for	the	DNC	Server	that	they	refused	to	give	to	the	FBI	the	Wendy	Wasserman	Schultz	Servers	and	Documents	held	by	the	Pakistani	mystery	man	and	Clinton	Emails.							
believe	that	despite	93%	bad	stories	from	the	Fake	News	Media	(should	be	getting	good	stories)	today	we	had	just	about	our	highest	Poll	Numbers	including	those	on	Election	Day?	The	American	public	is	wise	to	the	phony	an	dishonest	press.	Make	America	Great	Again!									
OPEC	is	at	it	again.	With	record	amounts	of	Oil	all	over	the	place	including	the	fully	loaded	ships	at	sea	Oil	prices	are	artificially	Very	High!	No	good	and	will	not	be	accepted!																				
is	going	absolutely	crazy	about	the	big	Tax	Cuts	given	to	the	American	People	by	the	Republicans...got	not	one	Democrat	Vote!	Here’s	a	choice.	They	want	to	end	them	and	raise	your	taxes	substantially.	Republicans	are	working	on	making	them	permanent	and	more	cuts!										
I	have	agreed	to	be	the	Commencement	Speaker	at	our	GREAT	Naval	Academy	on	May	25th	in	Annapolis	Maryland.	Looking	forward	to	being	there.																														
Michael	Flynn’s	life	can	be	totally	destroyed	while	Shadey	James	Comey	can	Leak	and	Lie	and	make	lots	of	money	from	a	third	rate	book	(that	should	never	have	been	written).	Is	that	really	the	way	life	in	America	is	supposed	to	work?	I	don’t	think	so!							
Memos	just	out	and	show	clearly	that	there	was	NO	COLLUSION	and	NO	OBSTRUCTION.	Also	he	leaked	classified	information.	WOW!	Will	the	Witch	Hunt	continue?																													
just	threw	Andrew	McCabe	“under	the	bus.”	Inspector	General’s	Report	on	McCabe	is	a	disaster	for	both	of	them!	Getting	a	little	(lot)	of	their	own	medicine?																											
released	at	least	142	Gang	Members	across	the	United	States	making	it	easy	for	them	to	commit	all	forms	of	violent	crimes	where	none	would	have	existed.	We	are	doing	a	great	job	of	law	enforcement	but	things	such	as	this	make	safety	in	America	difficult!								
prayers	and	condolences	are	with	the	families	friends	and	colleagues	of	the	two	@GCSOFlorida	deputies	(HEROES)	who	lost	their	lives	in	the	line	of	duty	today.																												
is	outstanding.	First	in	his	class	at	West	Point.	A	top	student	at	Harvard	Law	School.	A	success	at	whatever	he	has	done.	We	need	the	Senate	to	approve	Mike	ASAP.	He	will	be	a	great	Secretary	of	State!															
Senate	will	not	leave	Washington	until	our	Ambassadors	Judges	and	the	people	who	make	Washington	work	are	approved.	The	Democrats	are	Obstructing	the	process	and	we	need	these	people	approved	for	the	good	of	our	Country!																		
obstructing	good	(hopefully	great)	people	wanting	to	give	up	a	big	portion	of	their	life	to	work	for	our	Government	hence	the	American	People.	They	are	“slow	walking”	all	of	my	nominations	-	hundreds	of	people.	At	this	rate	it	would	take	9	years	for	all	approvals!							
a	wonderful	woman	who	has	always	been	there	when	we	have	needed	her.	Great	on	the	Military	Border	Security	and	Crime.	Loves	and	works	hard	for	the	people	of	Tennessee.	She	has	my	full	endorsement	and	I	will	be	there	to	campaign	with	her!										
#JIATFSouth	@Norad_Northcom	@southcomwatch	and	@DHSgov.	Keep	up	the	GREAT	work!	https://t.co/3v2uG6Jp1T																																											
@NASKeyWest!	Heading	to	a	briefing	with	the	Joint	Interagency	Task	Force	South	NORTHCOM	and	SOUTHCOM.	https://t.co/r906IXnBcG																																						
Brown	announced	he	will	deploy	“up	to	400	National	Guard	Troops”	to	do	nothing.	The	crime	rate	in	California	is	high	enough	and	the	Federal	Government	will	not	be	paying	for	Governor	Brown’s	charade.	We	need	border	security	and	action	not	words!												
San	Diego	County	for	defending	the	rule	of	law	and	supporting	our	lawsuit	against	California's	illegal	and	unconstitutional	'Sanctuary'	policies.	California's	dangerous	policies	release	violent	criminals	back	into	our	communities	putting	all	Americans	at	risk.																			
with	Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan	who	has	just	left	Florida.	Talked	in	depth	about	North	Korea	Military	and	Trade.	Good	things	will	happen!																														
my	great	honor	to	host	my	friend	@JPN_PMO	@AbeShinzo	and	his	delegation	at	Mar-a-Lago	for	the	past	two	days.	Lots	accomplished	thank	you!	#Success🇺🇸🇯🇵	https://t.co/2NnItfwfBl																													
luncheon	with	U.S.	and	Japanese	Delegations	this	afternoon!	https://t.co/ywU2CEih8b																																													
@AbeShinzo	of	Japan	and	myself	this	morning	building	an	even	deeper	and	better	relationship	while	playing	a	quick	round	of	golf	at	Trump	International	Golf	Club.	https://t.co/YqU7pHiFoU																											
to	Prime	Minister	@Netanyahu	and	all	of	the	people	of	Israel	on	the	70th	Anniversary	of	your	Great	Independence.	We	have	no	better	friends	anywhere.	Looking	forward	to	moving	our	Embassy	to	Jerusalem	next	month!																			
Comey	the	worst	FBI	Director	in	history	was	not	fired	because	of	the	phony	Russia	investigation	where	by	the	way	there	was	NO	COLLUSION	(except	by	the	Dems)!																										
met	with	Kim	Jong	Un	in	North	Korea	last	week.	Meeting	went	very	smoothly	and	a	good	relationship	was	formed.	Details	of	Summit	are	being	worked	out	now.	Denuclearization	will	be	a	great	thing	for	World	but	also	for	North	Korea!													
years	later	about	a	nonexistent	man.	A	total	con	job	playing	the	Fake	News	Media	for	Fools	(but	they	know	it)!	https://t.co/9Is7mHBFda																																
a	Revolution	going	on	in	California.	Soooo	many	Sanctuary	areas	want	OUT	of	this	ridiculous	crime	infested	&amp;	breeding	concept.	Jerry	Brown	is	trying	to	back	out	of	the	National	Guard	at	the	Border	but	the	people	of	the	State	are	not	happy.	Want	Security	&amp;	Safety	NOW!						
and	South	Korea	would	like	us	to	go	back	into	TPP	I	don’t	like	the	deal	for	the	United	States.	Too	many	contingencies	and	no	way	to	get	out	if	it	doesn’t	work.	Bilateral	deals	are	far	more	efficient	profitable	and	better	for	OUR	workers.	Look	how	bad	WTO	is	to	U.S.		
Brunson	a	fine	gentleman	and	Christian	leader	in	the	United	States	is	on	trial	and	being	persecuted	in	Turkey	for	no	reason.	They	call	him	a	Spy	but	I	am	more	a	Spy	than	he	is.	Hopefully	he	will	be	allowed	to	come	home	to	his	beautiful	family	where	he	belongs!			
my	great	honor	to	host	@JPN_PMO	@AbeShinzo!	https://t.co/QxMpCGRycF																																														
and	I	join	the	Nation	in	celebrating	the	life	of	Barbara	Bush:	https://t.co/4OW72iddQx																																									
and	I	join	the	Nation	in	celebrating	the	life	of	Barbara	Bush:	https://t.co/4NzyjxqAFM																																									
Cities	throughout	our	Country	are	being	cheated	and	treated	so	badly	by	online	retailers.	Very	unfair	to	traditional	tax	paying	stores!																																	
decision	means	that	Congress	must	close	loopholes	that	block	the	removal	of	dangerous	criminal	aliens	including	aggravated	felons.	This	is	a	public	safety	crisis	that	can	only	be	fixed	by....																								
House	and	Senate	must	quickly	pass	a	legislative	fix	to	ensure	violent	criminal	aliens	can	be	removed	from	our	society.	Keep	America	Safe!																															
Minister	Abe!	https://t.co/538EYyfWDq																																																			
came	out	at	51%	Approval	despite	the	Fake	News	Media.	They	were	one	of	the	three	most	accurate	on	Election	Day.	Just	about	the	most	inaccurate	were	CNN	and	ABC	News/Washington	Post	and	they	haven’t	changed	(get	new	pollsters).	Much	of	the	media	is	a	Scam!								
to	meet	Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan	a	truly	fine	gentleman!																																											
Jerry	Brown	and	California	are	not	looking	for	safety	and	security	along	their	very	porous	Border.	He	cannot	come	to	terms	for	the	National	Guard	to	patrol	and	protect	the	Border.	The	high	crime	rate	will	only	get	higher.	Much	wanted	Wall	in	San	Diego	already	started!							
people	are	seeing	the	benefits	of	the	Tax	Cut	Bill.	Everyone	is	talking	really	nice	to	see!																																					
in	Florida	and	looking	forward	to	my	meeting	with	Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan.	Working	on	Trade	and	Military	Security.																																		
up	Taxes	are	DOWN.	Enjoy!																																																	
China	are	playing	the	Currency	Devaluation	game	as	the	U.S.	keeps	raising	interest	rates.	Not	acceptable!																																						
the	Crooked	Hillary	exoneration	long	before	he	talked	to	her	(lied	in	Congress	to	Senator	G)	then	based	his	decisions	on	her	poll	numbers.	Disgruntled	he	McCabe	and	the	others	committed	many	crimes!																					
50%	in	the	Rasmussen	Poll	much	higher	than	President	Obama	at	same	point.	With	all	of	the	phony	stories	and	Fake	News	it’s	hard	to	believe!	Thank	you	America	we	are	doing	Great	Things.																				
Comey	a	man	who	always	ends	up	badly	and	out	of	whack	(he	is	not	smart!)	will	go	down	as	the	WORST	FBI	Director	in	history	by	far!																										
privilege	is	now	a	thing	of	the	past.	I	have	many	(too	many!)	lawyers	and	they	are	probably	wondering	when	their	offices	and	even	homes	are	going	to	be	raided	with	everything	including	their	phones	and	computers	taken.	All	lawyers	are	deflated	and	concerned!										
asked	Comey	for	Personal	Loyalty.	I	hardly	even	knew	this	guy.	Just	another	of	his	many	lies.	His	“memos”	are	self	serving	and	FAKE!																														
raid	was	so	perfectly	carried	out	with	such	precision	that	the	only	way	the	Fake	News	Media	could	demean	was	by	my	use	of	the	term	“Mission	Accomplished.”	I	knew	they	would	seize	on	this	but	felt	it	is	such	a	great	Military	term	it	should	be	brought	back.	Use	often!			
AG	Lynch	“under	the	bus!”	Why	can’t	we	all	find	out	what	happened	on	the	tarmac	in	the	back	of	the	plane	with	Wild	Bill	and	Lynch?	Was	she	promised	a	Supreme	Court	seat	or	AG	in	order	to	lay	off	Hillary.	No	golf	and	grandkids	talk	(give	us	all	a	break)!		
questions	in	Comey’s	badly	reviewed	book	aren’t	answered	like	how	come	he	gave	up	Classified	Information	(jail)	why	did	he	lie	to	Congress	(jail)	why	did	the	DNC	refuse	to	give	Server	to	the	FBI	(why	didn’t	they	TAKE	it)	why	the	phony	memos	McCabe’s	$700,000 	&amp;	more?						
Comey	states	that	Polls	where	Crooked	Hillary	was	leading	were	a	factor	in	the	handling	(stupidly)	of	the	Clinton	Email	probe.	In	other	words	he	was	making	decisions	based	on	the	fact	that	he	thought	she	was	going	to	win	and	he	wanted	a	job.	Slimeball!								
of	our	great	Military	which	will	soon	be	after	the	spending	of	billions	of	fully	approved	dollars	the	finest	that	our	Country	has	ever	had.	There	won’t	be	anything	or	anyone	even	close!																					
executed	strike	last	night.	Thank	you	to	France	and	the	United	Kingdom	for	their	wisdom	and	the	power	of	their	fine	Military.	Could	not	have	had	a	better	result.	Mission	Accomplished!																							
																																																					
issued	the	McCabe	report	-	which	is	a	total	disaster.	He	LIED!	LIED!	LIED!	McCabe	was	totally	controlled	by	Comey	-	McCabe	is	Comey!!	No	collusion	all	made	up	by	this	den	of	thieves	and	lowlifes!																		
bringing	back	our	factories	we	are	bringing	back	our	jobs	and	we	are	bringing	back	those	four	beautiful	words:	MADE	IN	THE	USA!	https://t.co/grABSrYUBX																														
ball	who	was	as	time	has	proven	a	terrible	Director	of	the	FBI.	His	handling	of	the	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	case	and	the	events	surrounding	it	will	go	down	as	one	of	the	worst	“botch	jobs”	of	history.	It	was	my	great	honor	to	fire	James	Comey!							
is	a	proven	LEAKER	&amp;	LIAR.	Virtually	everyone	in	Washington	thought	he	should	be	fired	for	the	terrible	job	he	did-until	he	was	in	fact	fired.	He	leaked	CLASSIFIED	information	for	which	he	should	be	prosecuted.	He	lied	to	Congress	under	OATH.	He	is	a	weak	and.....							
is	building	like	never	before	for	the	Border	Wall	and	an	end	to	crime	cradling	Sanctuary	Cities.	Started	the	Wall	in	San	Diego	where	the	people	were	pushing	really	hard	to	get	it.	They	will	soon	be	protected!																
join	TPP	if	the	deal	were	substantially	better	than	the	deal	offered	to	Pres.	Obama.	We	already	have	BILATERAL	deals	with	six	of	the	eleven	nations	in	TPP	and	are	working	to	make	a	deal	with	the	biggest	of	those		nations	Japan	who	has	hit	us	hard	on	trade	for	years!		
treasure	is	our	people	–	and	my	Administration	HEARS	YOUR	VOICE	and	HAS	YOUR	BACK.	We	are	fighting	to	give	every	American	a	future	of	dignity	purpose	and	pride.	AMERICAN	SPIRIT	is	back!	#TaxCuts	https://t.co/oSGZe0irBf																			
to	all	of	the	American	workers	who	travelled	here	today!	This	event	is	dedicated	to	YOU:	the	hardworking	Americans	who	make	this	nation	run.	You	love	your	country	you	provide	for	your	family	you	have	PRIDE	in	your	work	and	you	cherish	our	GREAT	AMERICAN	FLAG!	#TaxCuts	https://t.co/RwaLpCRPh5						
an	Agricultural	Roundtable	with	memembers	of	Congress	and	Governors.I	will	be	making	remarks	on	the	large	scale	TAX	CUTS	given	to	American	families	and	workers	at	1:45	P.M.	from	the	Rose	Garden.	Join	me	live:	https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe	https://t.co/Dqe8QhpDAZ																	
agreed	with	the	historically	cooperative	disciplined	approach	that	we	have	engaged	in	with	Robert	Mueller	(Unlike	the	Clintons!).	I	have	full	confidence	in	Ty	Cobb	my	Special	Counsel	and	have	been	fully	advised	throughout	each	phase	of	this	process.															
HaShoah	we	remember	the	six	million	Jews	slaughtered	in	the	Holocaust.	With	each	passing	year	our	duty	to	remember	this	atrocity	increases	as	we	pledge	#NeverAgain.	#HolocaustRemembranceDay	https://t.co/tyga4VtjLT																										
to	Mike	Pompeo	during	his	Confirmation	Hearing	today.	He	will	be	a	great	Secretary	of	State!																																						
when	an	attack	on	Syria	would	take	place.	Could	be	very	soon	or	not	so	soon	at	all!	In	any	event	the	United	States	under	my	Administration	has	done	a	great	job	of	ridding	the	region	of	ISIS.	Where	is	our	“Thank	you	America?”										
Jerry	Brown	is	doing	the	right	thing	and	sending	the	National	Guard	to	the	Border.	Thank	you	Jerry	good	move	for	the	safety	of	our	Country!																												
wanted	to	fire	Robert	Mueller	in	December	as	reported	by	the	Failing	New	York	Times	I	would	have	fired	him.	Just	more	Fake	News	from	a	biased	newspaper!																										
tonight	on	@seanhannity!	9:00	P.M.	on	@FoxNews																																															
have	Republican	Congressional	Leadership	join	me	at	the	@WhiteHouse	this	evening.	Lots	to	discuss	as	we	continue	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/b9z5Nfdkcl																																
took	a	giant	step	towards	actual	welfare	reform”	https://t.co/LQlACDDLug																																													
is	partnering	with	@Interior	and	@NatlParkService	to	bring	the	@NSCsafety's	“Prescribed	to	Death”	Opioid	Memorial	to	the	Ellipse	-	beginning	tomorrow	April	12th	to	April	18th.	More	information:	https://t.co/z4FPQxt4Bl	https://t.co/XvScPqvAkQ																								
Ryan	is	a	truly	good	man	and	while	he	will	not	be	seeking	re-election	he	will	leave	a	legacy	of	achievement	that	nobody	can	question.	We	are	with	you	Paul!																								
the	bad	blood	with	Russia	is	caused	by	the	Fake	&amp;	Corrupt	Russia	Investigation	headed	up	by	the	all	Democrat	loyalists	or	people	that	worked	for	Obama.	Mueller	is	most	conflicted	of	all	(except	Rosenstein	who	signed	FISA	&amp;	Comey	letter).	No	Collusion	so	they	go	crazy!							
with	Russia	is	worse	now	than	it	has	ever	been	and	that	includes	the	Cold	War.	There	is	no	reason	for	this.	Russia	needs	us	to	help	with	their	economy	something	that	would	be	very	easy	to	do	and	we	need	all	nations	to	work	together.	Stop	the	arms	race?				
to	shoot	down	any	and	all	missiles	fired	at	Syria.	Get	ready	Russia		because	they	will	be	coming	nice	and	new	and	“smart!”	You	shouldn’t	be	partners	with	a	Gas	Killing	Animal	who	kills	his	people	and	enjoys	it!														
that	nobody	thought	possible	despite	the	never	ending	and	corrupt	Russia	Investigation	which	takes	tremendous	time	and	focus.	No	Collusion	or	Obstruction	(other	than	I	fight	back)	so	now	they	do	the	Unthinkable	and	RAID	a	lawyers	office	for	information!	BAD!													
Fake	News	about	what	is	going	on	in	the	White	House.	Very	calm	and	calculated	with	a	big	focus	on	open	and	fair	trade	with	China	the	coming	North	Korea	meeting	and	of	course	the	vicious	gas	attack	in	Syria.	Feels	great	to	have	Bolton	&amp;	Larry	K	on	board.	I	(we)	are	
New	York	Times	wrote	another	phony	story.	It	was	political	pundit	Doug	Schoen	not	a	Ukrainian	businessman	who	asked	me	to	do	a	short	speech	by	phone	(Skype)	hosted	by	Doug	in	Ukraine.	I	was	very	positive	about	Ukraine-another	negative	to	the	Fake	Russia		C	story!							
was	my	great	honor	to	welcome	the	2017	NCAA	Football	National	Champion	Alabama	Crimson	Tide	-	to	the	White	House.	Congratulations!	#RollTidehttps://t.co/hF5EZHlSVS	https://t.co/JfGue4IIs1																															
for	President	Xi	of	China’s	kind	words	on	tariffs	and	automobile	barriers...also	his	enlightenment	on	intellectual	property	and	technology	transfers.	We	will	make	great	progress	together!																												
for	President	Xi	of	China’s	kind	words	on	tarrifs	and	automobile	barriers...also	his	enlightenment	on	intellectual	property	and	technology	transfers.	We	will	make	great	progress	together!																												
it	was	my	great	honor	to	host	America’s	senior	defense	and	military	leaders	for	dinner	at	the	White	House.	America’s	military	is	the	GREATEST	fighting	force	in	the	history	of	the	world.	They	all	have	my	pledge	of	unwavering	commitment	to	our	men	and	women	in	uniform!	https://t.co/BjWKcMX0iL						
WITCH	HUNT!!!																																																				
is	dead!																																																				
meeting	at	the	@WhiteHouse	this	morning!	https://t.co/kzmfovwUeb	https://t.co/7AgbwbFNuw																																														
are	not	doing	what’s	right	for	our	country.	I	will	not	rest	until	we	have	secured	our	borders	and	restored	the	rule	of	law!	https://t.co/zKGgPlaadS																													
car	is	sent	to	the	United	States	from	China	there	is	a	Tariff	to	be	paid	of	2	1/2%.	When	a	car	is	sent	to	China	from	the	United	States	there	is	a	Tariff	to	be	paid	of	25%.	Does	that	sound	like	free	or	fair	trade.		No	it	sounds	like	STUPID	TRADE
Patrick	Reed	on	his	great	and	courageous	MASTERS	win!	When	Patrick	had	his	amazing	win	at	Doral	5	years	ago	people	saw	his	great	talent	and	a	bright	future	ahead.	Now	he	is	the	Masters	Champion!																		
Obama	had	crossed	his	stated	Red	Line	In	The	Sand	the	Syrian	disaster	would	have	ended	long	ago!	Animal	Assad	would	have	been	history!																														
Open	area	immediately	for	medical	help	and	verification.	Another	humanitarian	disaster	for	no	reason	whatsoever.	SICK!																																						
including	women	and	children	in	mindless	CHEMICAL	attack	in	Syria.	Area	of	atrocity	is	in	lockdown	and	encircled	by	Syrian	Army	making	it	completely	inaccessible	to	outside	world.	President	Putin	Russia	and	Iran	are	responsible	for	backing	Animal	Assad.	Big	price...													
and	I	will	always	be	friends	no	matter	what	happens	with	our	dispute	on	trade.	China	will	take	down	its	Trade	Barriers	because	it	is	the	right	thing	to	do.	Taxes	will	become	Reciprocal	&amp;	a	deal	will	be	made	on	Intellectual	Property.	Great	future	for	both	countries!						
Post	is	far	more	fiction	than	fact.	Story	after	story	is	made	up	garbage	-	more	like	a	poorly	written	novel	than	good	reporting.	Always	quoting	sources	(not	names)	many	of	which	don’t	exist.	Story	on	John	Kelly	isn’t	TRUE	just	another	hit	job!										
Post	is	far	more	fiction	than	fact.	Story	after	story	is	made	up	made	garbage	-	more	like	a	poorly	written	novel	than	good	reporting.	Always	quoting	sources	(not	names)	many	of	which	don’t	exist.	Story	on	John	Kelly	isn’t	true...just	another	hit	job!										
closed	the	case	on	Hillary	which	was	a	rigged	investigation.	They	exonerated	her	even	before	they	ever	interviewed	her	they	never	even	put	her	under	oath.....”	and	much	more.	So	TRUE	Jesse!	@WattersWorld																					
spending	was	somewhat	more	than	his	predecessor	Scott	Pruitt	has	received	death	threats	because	of	his	bold	actions	at	EPA.	Record	clean	Air	&amp;	Water	while	saving	USA	Billions	of	Dollars.	Rent	was	about	market	rate	travel	expenses	OK.	Scott	is	doing	a	great	job!									
Trump	Tower	is	out.	Very	confined	(well	built	building).	Firemen	(and	women)	did	a	great	job.	THANK	YOU!																																				
the	Department	of	Justice	and	FBI	have	to	hide?	Why	aren’t	they	giving	the	strongly	requested	documents	(unredacted)	to	the	HOUSE	JUDICIARY	COMMITTEE?	Stalling	but	for	what	reason?	Not	looking	good!																							
the	House	Judiciary	Committee	are	angrily	accusing	the	Department	of	Justice	of	missing	the	Thursday	Deadline	for	turning	over	UNREDACTED	Documents	relating	to	FISA	abuse	FBI	Comey	Lynch	McCabe	Clinton	Emails	and	much	more.	Slow	walking	-	what	is	going	on?	BAD!												
sealing	up	our	Southern	Border.	The	people	of	our	great	country	want	Safety	and	Security.	The	Dems	have	been	a	disaster	on	this	very	important	issue!																												
States	hasn’t	had	a	Trade	Surplus	with	China	in	40	years.	They	must	end	unfair	trade	take	down	barriers	and	charge	only	Reciprocal	Tariffs.	The	U.S.	is	losing	$500 	Billion	a	year	and	has	been	losing	Billions	of	Dollars	for	decades.	Cannot	continue!											
to	@JustinTrudeau	to	pay	my	highest	respect	and	condolences	to	the	families	of	the	terrible	Humboldt	Team	tragedy.	May	God	be	with	them	all!																														
@bernieandsid	on	their	new	@77wabcradio	morning	radio	show	in	New	York	City.	It	was	an	honor	to	join	you	two	–	good	luck!	https://t.co/sulTcRp3IC																														
Trump's	economy	is	bringing	black	workers	back	into	the	labor	force”	https://t.co/TtMDfi4bv0																																										
OPEN	FOR	BUSINESS!	https://t.co/5jxdojPZmN																																																		
believe	that	the	Fake	News	Media	is	pushing	hard	on	a	story	that	I	am	going	to	replace	A.G.	Jeff	Sessions	with	EPA	Chief	Scott	Pruitt	who	is	doing	a	great	job	but	is	TOTALLY	under	siege?	Do	people	really	believe	this	stuff?	So	much	of	the	media	is	dishonest	and	corrupt!		
is	a	great	economic	power	is	considered	a	Developing	Nation	within	the	World	Trade	Organization.	They	therefore	get	tremendous	perks	and	advantages	especially	over	the	U.S.	Does	anybody	think	this	is	fair.	We	were	badly	represented.	The	WTO	is	unfair	to	U.S.												
Aluminum	Tariffs	Aluminum	prices	are	DOWN	4%.	People	are	surprised	I’m	not!	Lots	of	money	coming	into	U.S.	coffers	and	Jobs	Jobs	Jobs!																															
@WVGovernor	Jim	Justice.	It	was	my	great	honor	to	be	with	the	amazing	people	of	West	Virginia	today!	#MAGA	https://t.co/IwPuQNadMM																																		
our	historic	TAX	CUTS	America	is	open	for	business	and	millions	of	American	workers	are	seeing	more	take-home	pay	through	higher	wages	salaries	and	bonuses!	https://t.co/0u3dpLJiV2																												
News	Washington	Post	Amazon’s	“chief	lobbyist”	has	another	(of	many)	phony	headlines	“Trump	Defiant	As	China	Adds	Trade	Penalties.”	WRONG!	Should	read	“Trump	Defiant	as	U.S.	Adds	Trade	Penalties	Will	End	Barriers	And	Massive		I.P.	Theft.”	Typically	bad	reporting!														
is	largely	broken	up	thanks	to	the	strong	immigration	laws	of	Mexico	and	their	willingness	to	use	them	so	as	not	to	cause	a	giant	scene	at	our	Border.	Because	of	the	Trump	Administrations	actions	Border	crossings	are	at	a	still	UNACCEPTABLE	46	year	low.	Stop	drugs!							
Rasmussen	Poll	Shows	Donald	Trump	Approval	Ratings	Now	at	51	Percent”	https://t.co/q80PaE0gQo																																										
honor	Dr.	Martin	Luther	King	Jr.	on	the	50th	anniversary	of	his	assassination.	Earlier	this	year	I	spoke	about	Dr.	King’s	legacy	of	justice	and	peace	and	his	impact	on	uniting	Americans.	#MLK50	Proclamation:	https://t.co/XXtPO0VX5A	https://t.co/SH0esMSyMT																		
and	prayers	are	with	the	four	U.S.	Marines	from	the	3rd	Marine	Aircraft	Wing	who	lost	their	lives	in	yesterday’s	Southern	California	helicopter	crash.	We	pray	for	their	families	and	our	great	@USMC.																					
already	$500 	Billion	DOWN	you	can’t	lose!																																															
not	in	a	trade	war	with	China	that	war	was	lost	many	years	ago	by	the	foolish	or	incompetent	people	who	represented	the	U.S.	Now	we	have	a	Trade	Deficit	of	$500 	Billion	a	year	with	Intellectual	Property	Theft	of	another	$300 	Billion.	We	cannot	let	this	continue!						
Laws	are	very	weak	while	those	of	Mexico	&amp;	Canada	are	very	strong.	Congress	must	change	these	Obama	era	and	other	laws	NOW!	The	Democrats	stand	in	our	way	-	they	want	people	to	pour	into	our	country	unchecked....CRIME!	We	will	be	taking	strong	action	today.								
briefed	on	the	shooting	at	YouTube’s	HQ	in	San	Bruno	California.	Our	thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	everybody	involved.	Thank	you	to	our	phenomenal	Law	Enforcement	Officers	and	First	Responders	that	are	currently	on	the	scene.																		
PROTECT	OUR	SOUTHERN	BORDER!	https://t.co/Z7fqQKcnez																																																	
was	my	honor	to	welcome	Estonia	President	@KerstiKaljulaid	Lithuania	President	@Grybauskaite_LT	and	Latvia	President	@Vejonis	to	the	@WhiteHouse.	Congratulations	on	your	100th	anniversaries	of	independence!	#BalticSummit:	https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe	https://t.co/RRftyTGEvb																										
right	about	Amazon	costing	the	United	States	Post	Office	massive	amounts	of	money	for	being	their	Delivery	Boy.	Amazon	should	pay	these	costs	(plus)	and	not	have	them	bourne	by	the	American	Taxpayer.	Many	billions	of	dollars.	P.O.	leaders	don’t	have	a	clue	(or	do	they?)!								
to	Rasmussen	for	the	honest	polling.	Just	hit	50%	which	is	higher	than	Cheatin’	Obama	at	the	same	time	in	his	Administration.																																
the	fact	that	you	can’t	get	a	job	at	ratings	challenged	@CNN	unless	you	state	that	you	are	totally	anti-Trump?	Little	Jeff	Zuker	whose	job	is	in	jeopardy	is	not	having	much	fun	lately.	They	should	clean	up	and	strengthen	CNN	and	get	back	to	honest	reporting!							
Caravan	of	People	from	Honduras	now	coming	across	Mexico	and	heading	to	our	“Weak	Laws”	Border	had	better	be	stopped	before	it	gets	there.	Cash	cow	NAFTA	is	in	play	as	is	foreign	aid	to	Honduras	and	the	countries	that	allow	this	to	happen.	Congress	MUST	ACT	NOW!						
News	Networks	those	that	knowingly	have	a	sick	and	biased	AGENDA	are	worried	about	the	competition	and	quality	of	Sinclair	Broadcast.	The	“Fakers”	at	CNN	NBC	ABC	&amp;	CBS	have	done	so	much	dishonest	reporting	that	they	should	only	be	allowed	to	get	awards	for	fiction!								
https://t.co/JAzSE6yEes																																																					
approval	rate	among	likely	U.S.	voters	hit	50	percent	on	Monday	which	puts	him	higher	than	former	President	Barack	Obama's	score	at	the	same	point	into	his	first	term	according	to	a	new	poll.”	Via:	@Anna_Giaritelli	@DCExaminer	https://t.co/ZzycNoDCQJ																
my	nominations	including	Diplomats	to	foreign	lands	have	not	been	confirmed	due	to	Democrat	obstruction	and	delay.	At	this	rate	it	would	take	more	than	7	years	before	I	am	allowed	to	have	these	great	people	start	working.	Never	happened	before.	Disgraceful!												
and	many	other	countries	that	the	U.S.	is	very	generous	to	sends	many	of	their	people	to	our	country	through	our	WEAK	IMMIGRATION	POLICIES.	Caravans	are	heading	here.	Must	pass	tough	laws	and	build	the	WALL.	Democrats	allow	open	borders	drugs	and	crime!											
as	it	sounds	the	laws	of	our	country	do	not	easily	allow	us	to	send	those	crossing	our	Southern	Border	back	where	they	came	from.	A	whole	big	wasted	procedure	must	take	place.	Mexico	&amp;	Canada	have	tough	immigration	laws	whereas	ours	are	an	Obama	joke.	ACT	CONGRESS						
J.	Trump	Proclaims	April	2	2018	World	Autism	Awareness	Day”	https://t.co/ECBCHfll0p																																											
to	host	the	Annual	@WhiteHouse	Easter	Egg	Roll!	https://t.co/bOMJRK8FyK																																													
that	the	Department	of	“Justice”	and	the	FBI	are	slow	walking	or	even	not	giving	the	unredacted	documents	requested	by	Congress.	An	embarrassment	to	our	country!																												
or	worse	are	saying	that	our	money	losing	Post	Office	makes	money	with	Amazon.	THEY	LOSE	A	FORTUNE	and	this	will	be	changed.	Also	our	fully	tax	paying	retailers	are	closing	stores	all	over	the	country...not	a	level	playing	field!														
to	watch	Fake	News	Networks	among	the	most	dishonest	groups	of	people	I	have	ever	dealt	with	criticize	Sinclair	Broadcasting	for	being	biased.	Sinclair	is	far	superior	to	CNN	and	even	more	Fake	NBC	which	is	a	total	joke.															
making	a	fortune	on	NAFTA...They	have	very	strong	border	laws	-	ours	are	pathetic.	With	all	of	the	money	they	make	from	the	U.S.	hopefully	they	will	stop	people	from	coming	through	their	country	and	into	ours	at	least	until	Congress	changes	our	immigration	laws!									
dead	because	the	Democrats	didn’t	care	or	act	and	now	everyone	wants	to	get	onto	the	DACA	bandwagon...	No	longer	works.	Must	build	Wall	and	secure	our	borders	with	proper	Border	legislation.	Democrats	want	No	Borders	hence	drugs	and	crime!														
immediately	pass	Border	Legislation	use	Nuclear	Option	if	necessary	to	stop	the	massive	inflow	of	Drugs	and	People.	Border	Patrol	Agents	(and	ICE)	are	GREAT	but	the	weak	Dem	laws	don’t	allow	them	to	do	their	job.	Act	now	Congress	our	country	is	being	stolen!									
the	absolute	power	not	to	let	these	large	“Caravans”	of	people	enter	their	country.	They	must	stop	them	at	their	Northern	Border	which	they	can	do	because	their	border	laws	work	not	allow	them	to	pass	through	into	our	country	which	has	no	effective	border	laws.....								
flows	of	people	are	all	trying	to	take	advantage	of	DACA.	They	want	in	on	the	act!																																					
doing	very	little	if	not	NOTHING	at	stopping	people	from	flowing	into	Mexico	through	their	Southern	Border	and	then	into	the	U.S.	They	laugh	at	our	dumb	immigration	laws.	They	must	stop	the	big	drug	and	people	flows	or	I	will	stop	their	cash	cow	NAFTA.	NEED	WALL!						
Agents	are	not	allowed	to	properly	do	their	job	at	the	Border	because	of	ridiculous	liberal	(Democrat)	laws	like	Catch	&amp;	Release.	Getting	more	dangerous.	“Caravans”	coming.	Republicans	must	go	to	Nuclear	Option	to	pass	tough	laws	NOW.	NO	MORE	DACA	DEAL!												
																																																					
“Moonbeam”	Brown	pardoned	5	criminal	illegal	aliens	whose	crimes	include	-1	Kidnapping	and	Robbery	-2	Badly	beating	wife	and	threatening	a	crime	with	intent	to	terrorize	-3	Dealing	drugs.	Is	this	really	what	the	great	people	of	California	want?	@FoxNews														
include	the	Fake	Washington	Post	which	is	used	as	a	“lobbyist”	and	should	so		REGISTER.	If	the	P.O.	“increased	its	parcel	rates	Amazon’s	shipping	costs	would	rise	by	$2.60 	Billion.”	This	Post	Office	scam	must	stop.	Amazon	must	pay	real	costs	(and	taxes)	now!									
are	on	the	subject	it	is	reported	that	the	U.S.	Post	Office	will	lose	$1.50 	on	average	for	each	package	it	delivers	for	Amazon.	That	amounts	to	Billions	of	Dollars.	The	Failing	N.Y.	Times	reports	that	“the	size	of	the	company’s	lobbying	staff	has	ballooned”	and	that...							
																																																					
trillions	building	up	foreign	countries	while	allowing	OUR	OWN	infrastructure	to	fall	into	a	state	of	total	disrepair.	No	more!	It's	time	to	REBUILD	and	we	will	do	it	with	American	WORKERS	American	GRIT	and	American	PRIDE!	https://t.co/Q9rPZi2D2s																
JOBS!	Unemployment	claims	have	fallen	to	a	45-year	low.	Together	we	are	making	the	economy	great	again!	https://t.co/pN2TE5HDQm																																				
going	to	REBUILD	our	crumbling	infrastructure	and	there	is	no	better	place	to	begin	this	campaign	than	in	the	Great	State	of	Ohio.	A	tremendous	honor	to	be	here	today	at	a	state-of-the-art	training	site	where	the	skills	of	the	American	Worker	are	forged	and	refined!	https://t.co/bU3KS62c0x							
stated	my	concerns	with	Amazon	long	before	the	Election.	Unlike	others	they	pay	little	or	no	taxes	to	state	&amp;	local	governments	use	our	Postal	System	as	their	Delivery	Boy	(causing	tremendous	loss	to	the	U.S.)	and	are	putting	many	thousands	of	retailers	out	of	business!								
interim	Hon.	Robert	Wilkie	of	DOD	will	serve	as	Acting	Secretary.	I	am	thankful	for	Dr.	David	Shulkin’s	service	to	our	country	and	to	our	GREAT	VETERANS!																											
pleased	to	announce	that	I	intend	to	nominate	highly	respected	Admiral	Ronny	L.	Jackson	MD	as	the	new	Secretary	of	Veterans	Affairs....																																
this	afternoon	on	the	start	of	our	Southern	Border	WALL!	https://t.co/pmCNoxxlkH																																											
dangerous	criminals	into	communities	across	the	State.	All	citizens	have	the	right	to	be	protected	by	Federal	law	and	strong	borders.																																	
stands	in	solidarity	with	the	brave	citizens	in	Orange	County	defending	their	rights	against	California's	illegal	and	unconstitutional	Sanctuary	policies.	California's	Sanctuary	laws....																															
announced	an	agreement	in	principle	with	South	Korea	on	KORUS!	A	great	deal	for	American	and	Korean	workers.	Let’s	now	focus	on	our	important	security	relationship.																												
last	night	from	XI	JINPING	of	China	that	his	meeting	with	KIM	JONG	UN	went	very	well	and	that	KIM	looks	forward	to	his	meeting	with	me.	In	the	meantime	and	unfortunately	maximum	sanctions	and	pressure	must	be	maintained	at	all	cost!												
and	through	many	administrations	everyone	said	that	peace	and	the	denuclearization	of	the	Korean	Peninsula	was	not	even	a	small	possibility.	Now	there	is	a	good	chance	that	Kim	Jong	Un	will	do	what	is	right	for	his	people	and	for	humanity.	Look	forward	to	our	meeting!							
AMENDMENT	WILL	NEVER	BE	REPEALED!	As	much	as	Democrats	would	like	to	see	this	happen	and	despite	the	words	yesterday	of	former	Supreme	Court	Justice	Stevens	NO	WAY.	We	need	more	Republicans	in	2018	and	must	ALWAYS	hold	the	Supreme	Court!													
very	pleased	to	welcome	the	opioid	memorial	to	the	President's	Park	in	April.	I	encourage	all	to	visit	and	remember	those	who	we	have	lost	to	this	deadly	epidemic.	We	will	keep	fighting	until	we	defeat	the	opioid	crisis!	https://t.co/ZM7AYJyECr														
going	on	with	numerous	countries	that	for	many	years	have	not	treated	the	United	States	fairly.	In	the	end	all	will	be	happy!																															
#MAGA	https://t.co/mRQGRJkozC																																																				
Fake	News.	Never	been	more	voluminous	or	more	inaccurate.	But	through	it	all	our	country	is	doing	great!																																				
is	looking	really	good.	It	has	been	many	years	that	we	have	seen	these	kind	of	numbers.	The	underlying	strength	of	companies	has	perhaps	never	been	better.																											
wrote	a	book	which	everyone	is	talking	about.	He	was	a	great	help.	He	is	a	veteran	journalist	who	had	a	great	influence	in	NH	and	beyond.	He	calls	it	the	most	amazing	political	campaign	of	modern	times.	The	book	is	called	“What	Really	Happened.”	Enjoy!	#MAGA	https://t.co/jYhjpoJKHe						
J.	Trump	Proclaims	March	25	2018	as	Greek	Independence	Day:	A	National	Day	of	Celebration	of	Greek	and	American	Democracy”	https://t.co/GwSJ2UK2xD	https://t.co/GltMwxINA2																																
#MedalOfHonorDay	to	our	HEROES.	We	love	you!	https://t.co/6euI31R4Gz																																														
law	firm	will	take	months	to	get	up	to	speed	(if	for	no	other	reason	than	they	can	bill	more)	which	is	unfair	to	our	great	country	-	and	I	am	very	happy	with	my	existing	team.	Besides	there	was	NO	COLLUSION	with	Russia	except	by	Crooked	Hillary	and	the	Dems!			
and	top	law	firms	want	to	represent	me	in	the	Russia	case...don’t	believe	the	Fake	News	narrative	that	it	is	hard	to	find	a	lawyer	who	wants	to	take	this	on.	Fame	&amp;	fortune	will	NEVER	be	turned	down	by	a	lawyer	though	some	are	conflicted.	Problem	is	that	a	new......			
be	done	with	the	$1.60 	Billion	given	to	building	and	fixing	the	border	wall.	It	is	just	a	down	payment.	Work	will	start	immediately.	The	rest	of	the	money	will	come	-	and	remember	DACA	the	Democrats	abandoned	you	(but	we	will	not)!											
the	$700 	&amp;	$716 	Billion	Dollars	gotten	to	rebuild	our	Military	many	jobs	are	created	and	our	Military	is	again	rich.	Building	a	great	Border	Wall	with	drugs	(poison)	and	enemy	combatants	pouring	into	our	Country	is	all	about	National	Defense.	Build	WALL	through	M!									
a	great	hero.	Officer	died	after	bravely	swapping	places	with	hostage	in	ISIS	related	terror	attack.	So	much	bravery	around	the	world	constantly	fighting	radical	Islamic	terrorism.	Even	stronger	measures	needed	especially	at	borders!																				
and	prayers	are	with	the	victims	of	the	horrible	attack	in	France	yesterday	and	we	grieve	the	nation’s	loss.	We	also	condemn	the	violent	actions	of	the	attacker	and	anyone	who	would	provide	him	support.	We	are	with	you	@EmmanuelMacron!														
matter	of	National	Security	I've	signed	the	Omnibus	Spending	Bill.	I	say	to	Congress:	I	will	NEVER	sign	another	bill	like	this	again.	To	prevent	this	omnibus	situation	from	ever	happening	again	I'm	calling	on	Congress	to	give	me	a	line-item	veto	for	all	govt	spending	bills!	https://t.co/kYwMk5AE5k						
legalized	bump	stocks.	BAD	IDEA.	As	I	promised	today	the	Department	of	Justice	will	issue	the	rule	banning	BUMP	STOCKS	with	a	mandated	comment	period.	We	will	BAN	all	devices	that	turn	legal	weapons	into	illegal	machine	guns.																
at	the	White	House	concerning	the	Omnibus	Spending	Bill.		1:00	P.M.																																										
considering	a	VETO	of	the	Omnibus	Spending	Bill	based	on	the	fact	that	the	800000	plus	DACA	recipients	have	been	totally	abandoned	by	the	Democrats	(not	even	mentioned	in	Bill)	and	the	BORDER	WALL	which	is	desperately	needed	for	our	National	Defense	is	not	fully	funded.								
abandoned	by	the	Democrats.	Very	unfair	to	them!	Would	have	been	tied	to	desperately	needed	Wall.																																						
Committee	votes	to	release	final	report.	FINDINGS:	-1	No	evidence	provided	of	Collusion	between	Trump	Campaign	&amp;	Russia.	-2		The	Obama	Administrations	Post	election	response	was	insufficient.	-3	Clapper	provided	inconsistent	testimony	on	media	contacts.																		
pleased	to	announce	that	effective	4/9/18	@AmbJohnBolton	will	be	my	new	National	Security	Advisor.	I	am	very	thankful	for	the	service	of	General	H.R.	McMaster	who	has	done	an	outstanding	job	&amp;	will	always	remain	my	friend.	There	will	be	an	official	contact	handover	on	4/9.								
Charlie	-	thank	you!	#MAGA	https://t.co/ZbXFxNVMLP																																																
candidate	I	pledged	that	if	elected	I	would	use	every	lawful	tool	to	combat	unfair	trade	protect	American	workers	and	defend	our	national	security.		Today	we	took	another	critical	step	to	fulfill	that	commitment.	https://t.co/7NBI0Dibmx	https://t.co/nmzqos3BUA																	
they	were	saying	during	the	campaign	that	Donald	Trump	is	giving	great	speeches	and	drawing	big	crowds	but	he	is	spending	much	less	money	and	not	using	social	media	as	well	as	Crooked	Hillary’s	large	and	highly	sophisticated	staff.	Well	not	saying	that	anymore!										
Biden	is	trying	to	act	like	a	tough	guy.	Actually	he	is	weak	both	mentally	and	physically	and	yet	he	threatens	me	for	the	second	time	with	physical	assault.	He	doesn’t	know	me	but	he	would	go	down	fast	and	hard	crying	all	the	way.	Don’t	threaten	people	Joe!					
to	take	care	of	DACA.	Would	have	been	so	easy	but	they	just	didn’t	care.	I	had	to	fight	for	Military	and	start	of	Wall.																													
Billion	to	start	Wall	on	Southern	Border	rest	will	be	forthcoming.	Most	importantly	got	$700 	Billion	to	rebuild	our	Military	$716 	Billion	next	year...most	ever.	Had	to	waste	money	on	Dem	giveaways	in	order	to	take	care	of	military	pay	increase	and	new	equipment.										
help	solve	problems	with	North	Korea	Syria	Ukraine	ISIS	Iran	and	even	the	coming	Arms	Race.	Bush	tried	to	get	along	but	didn’t	have	the	“smarts.”	Obama	and	Clinton	tried	but	didn’t	have	the	energy	or	chemistry	(remember	RESET).	PEACE	THROUGH	STRENGTH!												
President	Putin	of	Russia	to	congratulate	him	on	his	election	victory	(in	past	Obama	called	him	also).	The	Fake	News	Media	is	crazed	because	they	wanted	me	to	excoriate	him.	They	are	wrong!	Getting	along	with	Russia	(and	others)	is	a	good	thing	not	a	bad	thing.......							
is	told	to	find	crimes	whether	a	crime	exists	or	not.	I	was	opposed	to	the	selection	of	Mueller	to	be	Special	Council.	I	am	still	opposed	to	it.	I	think	President	Trump	was	right	when	he	said	there	never	should	have	been	a	Special	Council	appointed	because.....						
no	probable	cause	for	believing	that	there	was	any	crime	collusion	or	otherwise	or	obstruction	of	justice!”		So	stated	by	Harvard	Law	Professor	Alan	Dershowitz.																												
is	told	to	find	crimes	wether	crimes	exist	or	not.	I	was	opposed	the	the	selection	of	Mueller	to	be	Special	Council	I	still	am	opposed	to	it.	I	think	President	Trump	was	right	when	he	said	there	never	should	have	been	a	Special	Council	appointed	because.....							
Justice	should	have	urged	the	Supreme	Court	to	at	least	hear	the	Drivers	License	case	on	illegal	immigrants	in	Arizona.	I	agree	with	@LouDobbs.	Should	have	sought	review.																										
SUSPECT	IS	DEAD.	Great	job	by	law	enforcement	and	all	concerned!																																											
was	founded	by	farmers.	Our	independence	was	won	by	farmers.	And	our	continent	was	tamed	by	farmers.	Our	farmers	always	lead	the	way	--	we	are	PROUD	of	them	and	we	are	DELIVERING	for	them!	#NationalAgricultureDay																		
do	not	want	to	help	DACA.	Would	be	so	easy	to	make	a	deal!																																								
WITCH	HUNT	with	massive	conflicts	of	interest!																																															
@foxandfriends	now!	Great!	8:18	A.M.																																																	
the	Mueller	team	have	13	hardened	Democrats	some	big	Crooked	Hillary	supporters	and	Zero	Republicans?	Another	Dem	recently	added...does	anyone	think	this	is	fair?	And	yet	there	is	NO	COLLUSION!																								
little	time	with	Andrew	McCabe	but	he	never	took	notes	when	he	was	with	me.	I	don’t	believe	he	made	memos	except	to	help	his	own	agenda	probably	at	a	later	date.	Same	with	lying	James	Comey.	Can	we	call	them	Fake	Memos?											
Comey	lie	under	oath	to	Senator	G	when	asked	“have	you	ever	been	an	anonymous	source...or	known	someone	else	to	be	an	anonymous	source...?”	He	said	strongly	“never	no.”	He	lied	as	shown	clearly	on	@foxandfriends.																		
probe	should	never	have	been	started	in	that	there	was	no	collusion	and	there	was	no	crime.	It	was	based	on	fraudulent	activities	and	a	Fake	Dossier	paid	for	by	Crooked	Hillary	and	the	DNC	and	improperly	used	in	FISA	COURT	for	surveillance	of	my	campaign.	WITCH	HUNT!						
News	is	beside	themselves	that	McCabe	was	caught	called	out	and	fired.	How	many	hundreds	of	thousands	of	dollars	was	given	to	wife’s	campaign	by	Crooked	H	friend	Terry	M	who	was	also	under	investigation?	How	many	lies?	How	many	leaks?	Comey	knew	it	all	and	much	more!						
House	Intelligence	Committee	has	concluded	there	was	no	collusion	between	Russia	and	the	Trump	Campaign.	As	many	are	now	finding	out	however	there	was	tremendous	leaking	lying	and	corruption	at	the	highest	levels	of	the	FBI	Justice	&amp;	State.	#DrainTheSwamp														
https://t.co/4vVsW2smhB																																																					
FIRED	a	great	day	for	the	hard	working	men	and	women	of	the	FBI	-	A	great	day	for	Democracy.	Sanctimonious	James	Comey	was	his	boss	and	made	McCabe	look	like	a	choirboy.	He	knew	all	about	the	lies	and	corruption	going	on	at	the	highest	levels	of	the	FBI!				
Confidence	Hits	14-Year	High”	https://t.co/tXJsSRoM64																																																	
be	great	for	the	Republican	Party	of	Nevada	and	it’s	unity	if	good	guy	Danny	Tarkanian	would	run	for	Congress	and	Dean	Heller	who	is	doing	a	really	good	job	could	run	for	Senate	unopposed!																			
and	prayers	go	out	to	the	families	and	loved	ones	of	the	brave	troops	lost	in	the	helicopter	crash	on	the	Iraq-Syria	border	yesterday.	Their	sacrifice	in	service	to	our	country	will	never	be	forgotten.																			
J.	Trump	Delivers	Remarks	at	the	Shamrock☘️Bowl	Presentation	by	Prime	Minister	Varadkar	in	the	East	Room	of	the	White	House”	🇺🇸🇮🇪	https://t.co/ZbogpAE09g																																
monitor	the	heartbreaking	bridge	collapse	at	FIU	-	so	tragic.	Many	brave	First	Responders	rushed	in	to	save	lives.	Thank	you	for	your	courage.	Praying	this	evening	for	all	who	are	affected.																						
my	honor	to	welcome	Prime	Minister	Leo	Varadkar	of	Ireland	to	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/ZT3WnIZR2L																																								
have	a	Trade	Deficit	with	Canada	as	we	do	with	almost	all	countries	(some	of	them	massive).	P.M.	Justin	Trudeau	of	Canada	a	very	good	guy	doesn’t	like	saying	that	Canada	has	a	Surplus	vs.	the	U.S.(negotiating)	but	they	do...they	almost	all	do...and	that’s	how	I	know!							
will	be	my	Chief	Economic	Advisor	as	Director	of	the	National	Economic	Council.	Our	Country	will	have	many	years	of	Great	Economic	&amp;	Financial	Success	with	low	taxes	unparalleled	innovation	fair	trade	and	an	ever	expanding	labor	force	leading	the	way!	#MAGA												
me	with	your	thoughts	and	prayers	for	both	aviators	their	families	and	our	incredible	@USNavy.	https://t.co/60bHhrp8Y1																																						
wonderful	to	be	back	in	Missouri	where	our	push	for	historic	TAX	CUTS	all	began.	Six	months	ago	I	promised	that	we	would	cut	taxes	to	bring	Main	Street	roaring	back	-	and	that	is	exactly	what	is	happening!	https://t.co/4kPofEii3i														
are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/CUutL5SZxQ																																																
House	took	major	steps	toward	securing	our	schools	by	passing	the	STOP	School	Violence	Act.	We	must	put	the	safety	of	America's	children	FIRST	by	improving	training	and	by	giving	schools	and	law	enforcement	better	tools.	A	tragedy	like	Parkland	can't	happen	ever	again!										
for	hosting!	#MAGA	https://t.co/9pHH60DVlX																																																		
keep	a	blind	eye	to	the	rampant	unfair	trade	practices	against	our	Country!																																									
our	incredible	@Cabinet	Secretaries	are	testifying	on	the	Hill	this	morning	on	the	need	to	rebuild	our	Nation’s	crumbling	infrastructure.	We	need	to	build	FAST	&amp;	we	need	to	build	for	our	FUTURE.	Thank	you	@SenateCommerce	for	hosting	this	hearing!	#InfrastructureInAmerica													
no	time	in	history	have	the	business	fundamentals	of	U.S.	companies	been	better	than	they	are	today!																																					
good	people	including	very	important	Ambassadors	and	Judges	are	being	blocked	and/or	slow	walked	by	the	Democrats	in	the	Senate.	Many	important	positions	in	Government	are	unfilled	because	of	this	obstruction.	Worst	in	U.S.	history!																			
this	nation	we	pray	for	our	country	and	we	THANK	GOD	for	our	United	States	Marines!	Thank	you.	God	Bless	You.	And	God	Bless	America!	https://t.co/vKXBd0CGH1																												
my	great	honor	to	deliver	a	message	at	the	Marine	Corps	Air	Station	Miramar	to	our	GREAT	U.S.	Military	straight	from	the	heart	of	the	American	People:	We	support	you	we	thank	you	we	love	you	-	and	we	will	always	have	your	back!	https://t.co/oCt1nH3DON									
my	great	honor	to	deliver	a	message	at	the	Marine	Core	Air	Station	Miramar	to	our	GREAT	U.S.	Military	straight	from	the	heart	of	the	American	People:	We	support	you	we	thank	you	we	love	you	-	and	we	will	always	have	your	back!	https://t.co/NEGCR6rM7Y									
don’t	have	a	wall	system	we’re	not	going	to	have	a	country.	Congress	must	fund	the	BORDER	WALL	&amp;	prohibit	grants	to	sanctuary	jurisdictions	that	threaten	the	security	of	our	country	&amp;	the	people	of	our	country.	We	must	enforce	our	laws	&amp;	protect	our	people!	#BuildTheWall	https://t.co/NGqNueukvj						
policies	are	illegal	and	unconstitutional	and	put	the	safety	and	security	of	our	entire	nation	at	risk.	Thousands	of	dangerous	&amp;	violent	criminal	aliens	are	released	as	a	result	of	sanctuary	policies	set	free	to	prey	on	innocent	Americans.	THIS	MUST	STOP!												
the	Center	for	Immigration	Studies	the	$18 	billion	wall	will	pay	for	itself	by	curbing	the	importation	of	crime	drugs	and	illegal	immigrants	who	tend	to	go	on	the	federal	dole...”	https://t.co/NdLC6jZwWE																						
see	the	BORDER	WALL	prototypes	in	California!	https://t.co/fU6Ukc271l																																														
Director	of	the	CIA	will	become	our	new	Secretary	of	State.	He	will	do	a	fantastic	job!	Thank	you	to	Rex	Tillerson	for	his	service!	Gina	Haspel	will	become	the	new	Director	of	the	CIA	and	the	first	woman	so	chosen.	Congratulations	to	all!										
is	raging	at	an	all	time	high	and	is	set	to	get	even	better.	Jobs	and	wages	up.	Vote	for	Rick	Saccone	and	keep	it	going!																												
INTELLIGENCE	COMMITTEE	HAS	AFTER	A	14	MONTH	LONG	IN-DEPTH	INVESTIGATION	FOUND	NO	EVIDENCE	OF	COLLUSION	OR	COORDINATION	BETWEEN	THE	TRUMP	CAMPAIGN	AND	RUSSIA	TO	INFLUENCE	THE	2016	PRESIDENTIAL	ELECTION.																									
my	great	honor	to	welcome	the	2017	World	Series	Champion	Houston	@Astros	to	the	@WhiteHouse!	#HoustonStrong	https://t.co/IO6B42jixA																																					
Post	Gazette	just	endorsed	Rick	Saccone	for	Congress.	He	will	be	much	better	for	steel	and	business.	Very	strong	on	experience	and	what	our	Country	needs.	Lamb	will	always	vote	for	Pelosi	and	Dems....Will	raise	taxes	weak	on	Crime	and	Border.													
are	mandated	to	be	gun	free	zones	violence	and	danger	are	given	an	open	invitation	to	enter.	Almost	all	school	shootings	are	in	gun	free	zones.	Cowards	will	only	go	where	there	is	no	deterrent!																			
to	21	Age	Limits	watching	court	cases	and	rulings	before	acting.	States	are	making	this	decision.	Things	are	moving	rapidly	on	this	but	not	much	political	support	(to	put	it	mildly).																							
improvement	and	strengthening	of	background	checks	will	be	fully	backed	by	White	House.	Legislation	moving	forward.	Bump	Stocks	will	soon	be	out.	Highly	trained	expert	teachers	will	be	allowed	to	conceal	carry	subject	to	State	Law.	Armed	guards	OK	deterrent!.......														
Commerce	Wilbur	Ross	will	be	speaking	with	representatives	of	the	European	Union	about	eliminating	the	large	Tariffs	and	Barriers	they	use	against	the	U.S.A.	Not	fair	to	our	farmers	and	manufacturers.																							
others	have	my	approval	ratings	at	around	50%	which	is	higher	than	Obama	and	yet	the	political	pundits	love	saying	my	approval	ratings	are	“somewhat	low.”	They	know	they	are	lying	when	they	say	it.	Turn	off	the	show	-	FAKE	NEWS!												
continue	to	Obstruct	the	confirmation	of	hundreds	of	good	and	talented	people	who	are	needed	to	run	our	government...A	record	in	U.S.	history.	State	Department	Ambassadors	and	many	others	are	being	slow	walked.	Senate	must	approve	NOW!																	
are	May-00	in	recent	Congressional	races	a	point	which	the	Fake	News	Media	continuously	fails	to	mention.	I	backed	and	campaigned	for	all	of	the	winners.	They	give	me	credit	for	one.	Hopefully	Rick	Saccone	will	be	another	big	win	on	Tuesday.												
conclusively	that	there	was	no	Collusion	with	Russia..just	excuse	for	losing.	The	only	Collusion	was	that	done	by	the	DNC	the	Democrats	and	Crooked	Hillary.	The	writer	of	the	story	Maggie	Haberman	a	Hillary	flunky	knows	nothing	about	me	and	is	not	given	access.										
New	York	Times	purposely	wrote	a	FALSE	story	stating	that	I	am	unhappy	with	my	legal	team	on	the	Russia	case	and	am	going	to	add	another	lawyer	to	help	out.	Wrong.	I	am	VERY	happy	with	my	lawyers	John	Dowd	Ty	Cobb	and	Jay	Sekulow.	They	are	doing	a	great	job	and.....	
in	Moon	Township	Pennsylvania	tonight.	Thank	you!	Get	out	on	Tuesday	and	VOTE	for	Rick	@Saccone4PA18.	Together	we	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/ckbCOsDQ2l																														
LIVE	in	Moon	Township	Pennsylvania	at	7:00pmE.	Great	crowd	for	a	#MAGA	rally!https://t.co/PYJNg0WGDL																																									
Union	wonderful	countries	who	treat	the	U.S.	very	badly	on	trade	are	complaining	about	the	tariffs	on	Steel	&amp;	Aluminum.	If	they	drop	their	horrific	barriers	&amp;	tariffs	on	U.S.	products	going	in	we	will	likewise	drop	ours.	Big	Deficit.	If	not	we	Tax	Cars	etc.	FAIR!							
first	hours	after	hearing	that	North	Korea’s	leader	wanted	to	meet	with	me	to	talk	denuclearization	and	that	missile	launches	will	end	the	press	was	startled	&amp;	amazed.They	couldn’t	believe	it.	But	by	the	following	morning	the	news	became	FAKE.They	said	so	what	who	cares!									
has	not	conducted	a	Missile	Test	since	November	28	2017	and	has	promised	not	to	do	so	through	our	meetings.	I	believe	they	will	honor	that	commitment!																											
Moon	Township	Pennsylvania	to	be	with	a	really	good	person	State	Representative	Rick	Saccone	who	is	running	for	Congress.	Big	&amp;	happy	crowd	(why	not	some	of	the	best	economic	numbers	ever).	Rick	will	help	me	a	lot.	Also	tough	on	crime	&amp;	border.	Loves	2nd	A	&amp;	VETS					
Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan	who	is	very	enthusiastic	about	talks	with	North	Korea.	Also	discussing	opening	up	Japan	to	much	better	trade	with	the	U.S.	Currently	have	a	massive	$100 	Billion	Trade	Deficit.	Not	fair	or	sustainable.	It	will	all	work	out!											
XI	JINPING	and	I	spoke	at	length	about	the	meeting	with	KIM	JONG	UN	of	North	Korea.	President	XI	told	me	he	appreciates	that	the	U.S.	is	working	to	solve	the	problem	diplomatically	rather	than	going	with	the	ominous	alternative.	China	continues	to	be	helpful!									
Kristian	Saucier	a	man	who	has	served	proudly	in	the	Navy	on	your	newly	found	Freedom.	Now	you	can	go	out	and	have	the	life	you	deserve!																											
XI	XINPING	and	I	spoke	at	length	about	the	meeting	with	KIM	JONG	UN	of	North	Korea.	President	XI	told	me	he	appreciates	that	the	U.S.	is	working	to	solve	the	problem	diplomatically	rather	than	going	with	the	ominous	alternative.	China	continues	to	be	helpful!									
deeply	saddened	by	the	tragic	situation	in	Yountville	and	mourn	the	loss	of	three	incredible	women	who	cared	for	our	Veterans.																																	
with	North	Korea	is	very	much	in	the	making	and	will	be	if	completed	a	very	good	one	for	the	World.	Time	and	place	to	be	determined.																											
PM	@TurnbullMalcolm	of	Australia.	He	is	committed	to	having	a	very	fair	and	reciprocal	military	and	trade	relationship.	Working	very	quickly	on	a	security	agreement	so	we	don’t	have	to	impose	steel	or	aluminum	tariffs	on	our	ally	the	great	nation	of	Australia!											
@RepBost!	Thank	you	for	your	support	in	helping	put	America	back	to	work.	It’s	about	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS	for	our	incredible	workers	and	putting	AMERICA	FIRST!	https://t.co/ChUQEa6rsC																											
to	being	in	Pennsylvania	tomorrow	in	support	of	Rick	@Saccone4PA18.	Big	crowd	expected	in	Moon	Township.	Vote	Rick	and	see	you	there!	#MAGA																															
JOBS!	#MAGA	https://t.co/YAaqRcA7ZS																																																			
Un	talked	about	denuclearization	with	the	South	Korean	Representatives	not	just	a	freeze.	Also	no	missile	testing	by	North	Korea	during	this	period	of	time.	Great	progress	being	made	but	sanctions	will	remain	until	an	agreement	is	reached.	Meeting	being	planned!													
on	Adjusting	Imports	of	Aluminum	into	the	United	States”		Proclamation:	https://t.co/aCaMtOUAl0Remarks:	https://t.co/nypErcqFSU	https://t.co/rcrkpvChkz																																								
on	Adjusting	Imports	of	Steel	into	the	United	States”	Proclamation:	https://t.co/hxduwSoElzRemarks:	https://t.co/nypErcqFSU	https://t.co/q92FDYZeUl																																									
with	@Cabinet	at	the	@WhiteHouse	today!	#MAGA	https://t.co/InWj0QTosz																																														
Lady	Melania	Trump	to	Present	the	2018	International	Women	of	Courage	Award”	https://t.co/EwYtFXGvn2																																									
to	3:30	P.M.	meeting	today	at	the	White	House.	We	have	to	protect	&amp;	build	our	Steel	and	Aluminum	Industries	while	at	the	same	time	showing	great	flexibility	and	cooperation	toward	those	that	are	real	friends		and	treat	us	fairly	on	both	trade	and	the	military.							
is	acting	swiftly	on	Intellectual	Property	theft.	We	cannot	allow	this	to	happen	as	it	has	for	many	years!																																			
been	asked	to	develop	a	plan	for	the	year	of	a	One	Billion	Dollar	reduction	in	their	massive	Trade	Deficit	with	the	United	States.	Our	relationship	with	China	has	been	a	very	good	one	and	we	look	forward	to	seeing	what	ideas	they	come	back	with.	We	must	act	soon!				
1	to	present	our	Country	has	lost	more	than	55000	factories	6000000	manufacturing	jobs	and	accumulated	Trade	Deficits	of	more	than	12	Trillion	Dollars.	Last	year	we	had	a	Trade	Deficit	of	almost	800	Billion	Dollars.	Bad	Policies	&amp;	Leadership.	Must	WIN	again!		#MAGA									
From	Bush	1	to	present	our	Country	has	lost	more	than	55000	factories	6000000	manufacturing	jobs	and	accumulated	Trade	Deficits	of	more	than	12	Trillion	Dollars.	Last	year	we	had	a	Trade	Deficit	of	almost	800	Billion	Dollars.	Bad	policies	&amp;	leadership.	Must	win	again!		#MAGA							
great	book!	https://t.co/cLDI79rin8																																																			
making	a	decision	soon	on	the	appointment	of	new	Chief	Economic	Advisor.	Many	people	wanting	the	job	-	will	choose	wisely!																																	
being	made	in	talks	with	North	Korea.	For	the	first	time	in	many	years	a	serious	effort	is	being	made	by	all	parties	concerned.	The	World	is	watching	and	waiting!	May	be	FALSE	hope	but	the	U.S.	is	ready	to	go	hard	in	either	direction!									
in	Maryland	has	just	ruled	that	“President	Trump	has	the	right	to	end	DACA.”	President	Obama	had	8	years	to	fix	this	problem	and	didn’t.	I	am	waiting	for	the	Dems	they	are	running	for	the	hills!																	
Oscars	in	HISTORY.	Problem	is	we	don’t	have	Stars	anymore	-	except	your	President	(just	kidding	of	course)!																																				
see	what	happens!	https://t.co/Y1qxoAUfd9																																																		
getting	it	done	-	jobs	and	security!	https://t.co/Ui8bubj7Yr																																														
on	DACA	by	Dems.	Where	are	you?	A	deal	can	be	made!																																										
Fake	News	narrative	is	that	there	is	CHAOS	in	the	White	House.	Wrong!	People	will	always	come	&amp;	go	and	I	want	strong	dialogue	before	making	a	final	decision.	I	still	have	some	people	that	I	want	to	change	(always	seeking	perfection).	There	is	no	Chaos	only	great	Energy!					
5th	and	the	Democrats	are	nowhere	to	be	found	on	DACA.	Gave	them	6	months	they	just	don’t	care.	Where	are	they?	We	are	ready	to	make	a	deal!																									
the	Obama	Administration	start	an	investigation	into	the	Trump	Campaign	(with	zero	proof	of	wrongdoing)	long	before	the	Election	in	November?	Wanted	to	discredit	so	Crooked	H	would	win.	Unprecedented.	Bigger	than	Watergate!	Plus	Obama	did	NOTHING	about	Russian	meddling.														
our	Country	we	must	protect	American	Steel!	#AMERICA	FIRST																																													
farmers	much	better.	Highly	restrictive.	Mexico	must	do	much	more	on	stopping	drugs	from	pouring	into	the	U.S.	They	have	not	done	what	needs	to	be	done.	Millions	of	people	addicted	and	dying.																					
large	trade	deficits	with	Mexico	and	Canada.	NAFTA	which	is	under	renegotiation	right	now	has	been	a	bad	deal	for	U.S.A.	Massive	relocation	of	companies	&amp;	jobs.	Tariffs	on	Steel	and	Aluminum	will	only	come	off	if	new	&amp;	fair	NAFTA	agreement	is	signed.	Also	Canada	must..							
on	the	losing	side	of	almost	all	trade	deals.	Our	friends	and	enemies	have	taken	advantage	of	the	U.S.	for	many	years.	Our	Steel	and	Aluminum	industries	are	dead.	Sorry	it’s	time	for	a	change!	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!															
Dinner	last	night	was	great	fun.	I	am	accomplishing	a	lot	in	Washington	and	have	never	had	a	better	time	doing	something	and	especially	since	this	is	for	the	American	People!																							
E.U.	wants	to	further	increase	their	already	massive	tariffs	and	barriers	on	U.S.	companies	doing	business	there	we	will	simply	apply	a	Tax	on	their	Cars	which	freely	pour	into	the	U.S.	They	make	it	impossible	for	our	cars	(and	more)	to	sell	there.	Big	trade	imbalance!							
States	has	an	$800 	Billion	Dollar	Yearly	Trade	Deficit	because	of	our	“very	stupid”	trade	deals	and	policies.	Our	jobs	and	wealth	are	being	given	to	other	countries	that	have	taken	advantage	of	us	for	years.	They	laugh	at	what	fools	our	leaders	have	been.	No	more!							
in	U.S.	is	being	mocked	all	over	the	world.	They’ve	gone	CRAZY!	https://t.co/4UGYuJpUA7																																									
Anthem	Day!	https://t.co/cf1eugMbKU																																																			
Billy	Graham	Funeral.	A	Special	Man!																																																
PEACE	BILLY	GRAHAM!	https://t.co/2qMoUccVC2																																																		
country	Taxes	our	products	coming	in	at	say	50%	and	we	Tax	the	same	product	coming	into	our	country	at	ZERO	not	fair	or	smart.	We	will	soon	be	starting	RECIPROCAL	TAXES	so	that	we	will	charge	the	same	thing	as	they	charge	us.	$800 	Billion	Trade	Deficit-have	no	choice!				
protect	our	country	and	our	workers.	Our	steel	industry	is	in	bad	shape.	IF	YOU	DON’T	HAVE	STEEL	YOU	DON’T	HAVE	A	COUNTRY!																															
are	all	with	you	and	your	family!	Look	forward	to	seeing	you	back	on	T.V.	https://t.co/d6y3Q00BSy																																						
whose	dying	mediocre	career	was	saved	by	his	terrible	impersonation	of	me	on	SNL	now	says	playing	me	was	agony.	Alec	it	was	agony	for	those	who	were	forced	to	watch.	Bring	back	Darrell	Hammond	funnier	and	a	far	greater	talent!													
country	(USA)	is	losing	many	billions	of	dollars	on	trade	with	virtually	every	country	it	does	business	with	trade	wars	are	good	and	easy	to	win.	Example	when	we	are	down	$100 	billion	with	a	certain	country	and	they	get	cute	don’t	trade	anymore-we	win	big.	It’s	easy!						
whose	dieing	mediocre	career	was	saved	by	his	impersonation	of	me	on	SNL	now	says	playing	DJT	was	agony	for	him.	Alex	it	was	also	agony	for	those	who	were	forced	to	watch.	You	were	terrible.	Bring	back	Darrell	Hammond	much	funnier	and	a	far	greater	talent!							
meeting	in	the	Oval	Office	tonight	with	the	NRA!																																													
at	the	fastest	pace	in	almost	two	decades!																																														
at	a	49	year	low!																																																	
will	face	this	challenge	as	a	national	family	with	conviction	with	unity	and	with	a	commitment	to	love	and	support	our	neighbors	in	times	of	dire	need.	Working	together	we	will	defeat	this	#OpioidEpidemic.Full	Opioid	Summit:	https://t.co/qqfeVr4BBf	https://t.co/oFvr0DJMEf																
in	February	Highest	Since	November	2000”	https://t.co/UgAJRawExx																																															
U.S.	Expands	at	Fastest	Pace	Since	May	2004”	https://t.co/XZkwS8tTml																																													
are	at	their	lowest	level	in	over	48	years.	Great	news	for	workers	and	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!	#MAGA	https://t.co/SzHTarzfrW																																			
and	Aluminum	industries	(and	many	others)	have	been	decimated	by	decades	of	unfair	trade	and	bad	policy	with	countries	from	around	the	world.	We	must	not	let	our	country	companies	and	workers	be	taken	advantage	of	any	longer.	We	want	free	fair	and	SMART	TRADE!									
some	good	&amp;	some	not	so	good	emerged	from	our	bipartisan	meeting	on	school	safety	yesterday	at	the	White	House.	Background	Checks	a	big	part	of	conversation.	Gun	free	zones	are	proven	targets	of	killers.	After	many	years	a	Bill	should	emerge.	Respect	2nd	Amendment!									
an	honor	to	welcome	bipartisan	members	of	Congress	for	a	discussion	on	SAFE	schools	and	SAFE	communities.	As	we	continue	to	mourn	the	loss	of	so	many	precious	young	lives	in	Parkland	we	are	determined	to	turn	our	grief	into	action.	Full	meeting:	https://t.co/tbl94sCM01	https://t.co/TmUMusoR9x									
honor	Billy	Graham	as	only	three	private	citizens	before	him	have	been	honored.	We	say	a	prayer	for	our	country:	that	all	across	this	land	the	Lord	will	raise	up	men	and	women	like	Billy	Graham	to	spread	a	message	of	love	and	hope	to	every	precious	child	of	God.	https://t.co/EM4lZUZpX9			
a	small	Bible	School	in	Florida	Billy	Graham	soon	led	a	nationwide	revival.	From	a	large	tent	in	Los	Angeles	to	one	hundred	thousand	people	in	a	single	day	at	Yankee	Stadium	to	more	than	two	million	people	at	Madison	Square	Garden	over	sixteen	weeks	in	1957...	https://t.co/z1vvAemlBP						
the	center	of	this	great	Chamber	lies	Billy	Graham	–	an	Ambassador	for	Christ	who	reminded	the	world	of	the	power	of	prayer	and	the	gift	of	God’s	grace.	https://t.co/5aMh8nFPJW																								
A.G.	Jeff	Sessions	asking	the	Inspector	General	to	investigate	potentially	massive	FISA	abuse.	Will	take	forever	has	no	prosecutorial	power	and	already	late	with	reports	on	Comey	etc.	Isn’t	the	I.G.	an	Obama	guy?	Why	not	use	Justice	Department	lawyers?	DISGRACEFUL!													
low	on	illegal	border	crossings	this	year.	Ice	and	Border	Patrol	Agents	are	doing	a	great	job	for	our	Country.	MS-13	thugs	being	hit	hard.																													
decided	that	sections	of	the	Wall	that	California	wants	built	NOW	will	not	be	built	until	the	whole	Wall	is	approved.	Big	victory	yesterday	with	ruling	from	the	courts	that	allows	us	to	proceed.	OUR	COUNTRY	MUST	HAVE	BORDER	SECURITY!														
Foundation	has	just	stated	that	64%	of	the	Trump	Agenda	is	already	done	faster	than	even	Ronald	Reagan.	“We’re	blown	away”	said	Thomas	Binion	of	Heritage	President	Trump	“is	very	active	very	conservative	and	very	effective.	Huge	volume	&amp;	spectrum	of	issues.”												
win	today.	U.S.	judge	sided	with	the	Trump	Administration	and	rejected	the	attempt	to	stop	the	government	from	building	a	great	Border	Wall	on	the	Southern	Border.	Now	this	important	project	can	go	forward!																				
beautiful	map	thank	you!	https://t.co/FyQdgKvsRO																																																	
Mississippi	has	been	a	great	supporter	and	incredible	help	in	getting	our	massive	Tax	Cut	Bill	done	and	approved.	Also	big	help	on	cutting	regs.	I	am	with	him	in	his	re-election	all	the	way!																			
George	P.	Bush	backed	me	when	it	wasn’t	the	politically	correct	thing	to	do	and	I	back	him	now.	Also	AC	Sid	Miller	has	been	with	me	from	the	beginning	he	is	“Trump’s	Man	in	Texas.”	Also	support	Comptroller	Glenn	Hegar	and	Railroad	Commissioner	Christi	Craddick.								
are	the	most	confident	they've	been	since	2000....A	strong	job	market	is	boosting	confidence.	The	unemployment	rate	has	stayed	at	a	17-year	low.”	https://t.co/aL7aVoR7XC																														
to	encourage	all	of	my	many	Texas	friends	to	vote	in	the	primary	for	Governor	Greg	Abbott	Senator	Ted	Cruz	Lt.	Gov.	Dan	Patrick	and	Attorney	General	Ken	Paxton.	They	are	helping	me	to	Make	America	Great	Again!	Vote	early	or	on	March	6th.										
																																																					
NO	EVIDENCE	OF	COLLUSION....I	have	seen	nothing	the	firing	of	James	Comey	and	all	of	the	aftermath	that	suggests	that	the	President	has	obstructed	justice	because	he’s	exercising	his	power	as	the	President	of	the	U.S.	I	just	don’t	see	it.”		Judge	Ken	Starr									
skeptical	about	the	collusion	and	obstruction	claims	for	the	last	year.	I	just	don’t	see	the	evidence....in	terms	of	the	collusion	it’s	all	a	bit	implausible	based	on	the	evidence	we	have.”		Jonathan	Turley	on	@FoxNews																	
a	very	good	point.	Somebody	in	the	Justice	Department	has	a	treasure	trove	of	evidence	of	Mrs.	Clinton’s	criminality	at	her	own	hands	or	through	others	that	ought	to	be	investigated.	I	fully	agree	with	the	President	on	that.”	@judgenapolitano	on	@marthamaccallum	Show											
be	interviewed	by	@JudgeJeanine	on	@FoxNews	at	9:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																												
omitted	and	distorted	key	facts”	@FoxNews		So	what	else	is	new.	He	is	a	total	phony!																																					
no	compromising	information	on	Donald	Trump”	@FoxNews		Of	course	not	because	there	is	none	and	never	was.	This	whole	Witch	Hunt	is	an	illegal	disgrace...and	Obama	did	nothing	about	Russia!																							
FBI	did	not	disclose	who	the	clients	were	-	the	Clinton	Campaign	and	the	DNC.	Wow!																																						
memo	response	on	government	surveillance	abuses	is	a	total	political	and	legal	BUST.	Just	confirms	all	of	the	terrible	things	that	were	done.	SO	ILLEGAL!																													
STRAW	POLL	RESULTS:	93%	APPROVE	OF	THE	JOB	PRESIDENT	TRUMP	IS	DOING	(Thank	you!).	50%	say	President	Trump	should	Tweet	MORE	or	SAME	(funny!).	79%	say	Republicans	in	Congress	should	do	a	better	job	of	working	with	President	Trump	(starting	to	happen).												
no	longer	talking	DACA!	“Out	of	sight	out	of	mind”	they	say.	DACA	beneficiaries	should	not	be	happy.	Nancy	Pelosi	truly	doesn’t	care	about	them.	Republicans	stand	ready	to	make	a	deal!																						
are	at	the	lowest	level	since	1973	Much	of	this	has	to	do	with	the	massive	cutting	of	unnecessary	and	job	killing	Regulations!																															
have	totally	redrawn	election	lines	in	the	great	State	of	Pennsylvania.	@FoxNews.	This	is	very	unfair	to	Republicans	and	to	our	country	as	a	whole.	Must	be	appealed	to	the	United	States	Supreme	Court	ASAP!																			
(and	trusted	people	who	work	within	a	school)	love	our	students	and	will	protect	them.	Very	smart	people.	Must	be	firearms	adept	&amp;	have	annual	training.	Should	get	yearly	bonus.	Shootings	will	not	happen	again	-	a	big	&amp;	very	inexpensive	deterrent.	Up	to	States.									
Wayne	and	Lowest	black	unemployment	in	history!	https://t.co/gDxxJdZQUm																																														
to	the	great	men	and	women	of	the	United	States	@SecretService	for	a	job	well	done!																																						
Melania	and	I	were	honored	to	welcome	Prime	Minister	@TurnbullMalcolm	and	Mrs.	Turnbull	of	Australia	to	the	@WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇦🇺Press	Conference:	https://t.co/rKokJGRsgu	https://t.co/PkJUw8x9jb																																	
motto	is	IN	GOD	WE	TRUST.	This	week	our	nation	lost	an	incredible	leader	who	devoted	his	life	to	helping	us	understand	what	those	words	really	mean.	We	will	never	forget	the	historic	crowds	the	voice	the	energy	and	the	profound	faith	of	Billy	Graham!	#CPAC2018	https://t.co/5GDh7Jonkv							
our	great	American	flag	we	put	our	hands	on	our	hearts	for	the	pledge	of	Allegiance	and	we	all	PROUDLY	STAND	for	the	National	Anthem.	#CPAC2018	https://t.co/qGKW2xGjP0																											
of	rebuilding	OTHER	nations	we	are	finally	rebuilding	OUR	nation	-	and	we	are	restoring	our	confidence	and	our	pride!	#CPAC2018	https://t.co/rD9oTU8iex																																
of	you	who	are	still	interested	the	Democrats	have	totally	forgotten	about	DACA.	Not	a	lot	of	interest	on	this	subject	from	them!																															
Ivanka	just	arrived	in	South	Korea.	We	cannot	have	a	better	or	smarter	person	representing	our	country.																																					
																																																					
members	are	being	removed	by	our	Great	ICE	and	Border	Patrol	Agents	by	the	thousands	but	these	killers	come	back	in	from	El	Salvador	and	through	Mexico	like	water.	El	Salvador	just	takes	our	money	and	Mexico	must	help	MORE	with	this	problem.	We	need	The	Wall!							
survivor	says	he	quit	@CNN	Town	Hall	after	refusing	scripted	question.”	@TuckerCarlson.	Just	like	so	much	of	CNN	Fake	News.	That’s	why	their	ratings	are	so	bad!	MSNBC	may	be	worse.																							
was	my	great	honor	to	host	a	School	Safety	Roundtable	at	the	@WhiteHouse	with	State	and	local	leaders	law	enforcement	officers	and	education	officials.There	is	nothing	more	important	than	protecting	our	children.	They	deserve	to	be	safe	and	we	will	deliver!	https://t.co/WhC2AxgWXO												
of	an	entire	Nation	CONGRATULATIONS	to	the	U.S.	Women's	Hockey	Team	on	winning	the	GOLD!	#GoTeamUSA	#Olympics	https://t.co/3cUZwLVGua																																				
meeting	with	Lawmakers	today	at	11:30	A.M.	to	discuss	School	Safety.		Next	week	it	will	be	with	our	Nation’s	Governors.	It’s	been	many	years	of	all	talk	no	action.	We’ll	get	it	done!																				
people	don’t	understand	or	don’t	want	to	understand	is	that	Wayne	Chris	and	the	folks	who	work	so	hard	at	the	@NRA	are	Great	People	and	Great	American	Patriots.	They	love	our	Country	and	will	do	the	right	thing.															
be	strongly	pushing	Comprehensive	Background	Checks	with	an	emphasis	on	Mental	Health.	Raise	age	to	21	and	end	sale	of	Bump	Stocks!	Congress	is	in	a	mood	to	finally	do	something	on	this	issue	-	I	hope!																	
potential	“sicko	shooter”	knows	that	a	school	has	a	large	number	of	very	weapons	talented	teachers	(and	others)	who	will	be	instantly	shooting	the	sicko	will	NEVER	attack	that	school.	Cowards	won’t	go	there...problem	solved.	Must	be	offensive	defense	alone	won’t	work!												
that	a	school	shooting	lasts	on	average	3	minutes.	It	takes	police	&amp;	first	responders	approximately	5	to	8	minutes	to	get	to	site	of	crime.	Highly	trained	gun	adept	teachers/coaches	would	solve	the	problem	instantly	before	police	arrive.	GREAT	DETERRENT!													
back	if	a	savage	sicko	came	to	a	school	with	bad	intentions.	Highly	trained	teachers	would	also	serve	as	a	deterrent	to	the	cowards	that	do	this.	Far	more	assets	at	much	less	cost	than	guards.	A	“gun	free”	school	is	a	magnet	for	bad	people.	ATTACKS	WOULD	END!					
said	“give	teachers	guns”	like	was	stated	on	Fake	News	@CNN	&amp;	@NBC.	What	I	said	was	to	look	at	the	possibility	of	giving	“concealed	guns	to	gun	adept	teachers	with	military	or	special	training	experience	-	only	the	best.	20%	of	teachers	a	lot	would	now	be	able	to				
always	remember	the	time	I	spent	today	with	courageous	students	teachers	and	families.	So	much	love	in	the	midst	of	so	much	pain.	We	must	not	let	them	down.	We	must	keep	our	children	safe!!Full	Listening	Session:	https://t.co/x5VenyQX5p	https://t.co/CAPfX5odIp															
and	I	join	millions	of	people	around	the	world	in	mourning	the	passing	of	Billy	Graham.	Our	prayers	are	with	his	children	grandchildren	great-grandchildren	and	all	who	worked	closely	with	Reverend	Graham	in	his	lifelong	ministry.	https://t.co/e1697tcyaI																	
was	my	great	honor	to	recognize	extraordinary	Law	Enforcement	Officers	and	First	Responders	and	to	award	them	the	the	highest	possible	decoration	for	bravery	by	public	safety	officers	the	Medal	of	Valor.	#AmericanHeroes	https://t.co/em0wBbvy5P																				
all	of	the	Russian	meddling	took	place	during	the	Obama	Administration	right	up	to	January	20th	why	aren’t	they	the	subject	of	the	investigation?	Why	didn’t	Obama	do	something	about	the	meddling?	Why	aren’t	Dem	crimes	under	investigation?	Ask	Jeff	Sessions!													
Billy	Graham	is	dead.	There	was	nobody	like	him!	He	will	be	missed	by	Christians	and	all	religions.	A	very	special	man.																																
all	of	the	Russian	meddling	took	place	during	the	Obama	Administration	right	up	to	January	20th	why	aren’t	they	the	subject	of	the	investigation?	Why	didn’t	Obama	do	something	about	the	meddling?	Why	aren’t	Dem	crimes	under	investigation?	Ask	Jeff	Session!													
Whether	we	are	Republican	or	Democrat	we	must	now	focus	on	strengthening	Background	Checks!																																								
thank	you!	https://t.co/9TTXlfokYz																																																			
@CNN	&amp;	@MSNBC	got	scammed	when	they	covered	the	anti-Trump	Russia	rally	wall-to-wall.	They	probably	knew	it	was	Fake	News	but	because	it	was	a	rally	against	me	they	pushed	it	hard	anyway.	Two	really	dishonest	newscasters	but	the	public	is	wise!												
is	BOOMING	thanks	to	our	incredible	TAX	CUT	and	Reform	law.	This,shows,small-business,owners,are,more,than,just,optimistic,they,are,ready,to,grow,their,businesses.	https://t.co/w9aw68UwOj																																									
Another	FALSE	Accusation.	Why	doesn’t	@washingtonpost	report	the	story	of	the	women	taking	money	to	make	up	stories	about	me?	One	had	her	home	mortgage	paid	off.	Only	@FoxNews	so	reported...doesn’t	fit	the	Mainstream	Media	narrative.																		
I	don’t	know	and	to	the	best	of	my	knowledge	never	met	is	on	the	FRONT	PAGE	of	the	Fake	News	Washington	Post	saying	I	kissed	her	(for	two	minutes	yet)	in	the	lobby	of	Trump	Tower	12	years	ago.	Never	happened!	Who	would	do	this	in	a	public	space	with	live	security......	
been	much	tougher	on	Russia	than	Obama	just	look	at	the	facts.	Total	Fake	News!																																							
in	the	Great	State	of	Pennsylvania	challenge	the	new	“pushed”	Congressional	Map	all	the	way	to	the	Supreme	Court	if	necessary.	Your	Original	was	correct!	Don’t	let	the	Dems	take	elections	away	from	you	so	that	they	can	raise	taxes	&amp;	waste	money!											
and	CPAC	are	getting	ready	for	another	exciting	event.	Big	difference	from	those	days	when	President	Obama	held	the	White	House.	You’ve	come	a	long	way	Matt!																											
now	leading	the	Generic	Poll	perhaps	because	of	the	popular	Tax	Cuts	which	the	Dems	want	to	take	away.	Actually	they	want	to	raise	you	taxes	substantially.	Also	they	want	to	do	nothing	on	DACA	R’s	want	to	fix!															
Obama	quote	just	before	election.	That’s	because	he	thought	Crooked	Hillary	was	going	to	win	and	he	didn’t	want	to	“rock	the	boat.”	When	I	easily	won	the	Electoral	College	the	whole	game	changed	and	the	Russian	excuse	became	the	narrative	of	the	Dems.										
no	serious	person	out	there	who	would	suggest	somehow	that	you	could	even	rig	America’s	elections	there’s	no	evidence	that	that	has	happened	in	the	past	or	that	it	will	happen	this	time	and	so	I’d	invite	Mr.	Trump	to	stop	whining	and	make	his	case	to	get	votes.”	.....				
to	@foxandfriends	for	the	great	timeline	on	all	of	the	failures	the	Obama	Administration	had	against	Russia	including	Crimea	Syria	and	so	much	more.	We	are	now	starting	to	win	again!																							
of	Donald	Trump”	a	book	just	out	by	David	Brody	and	Scott	Lamb	is	a	very	interesting	read.	Enjoy!																																			
economy	is	looking	very	good	in	my	opinion	even	better	than	anticipated.	Companies	are	pouring	back	into	our	country	reversing	the	long	term	trend	of	leaving.	The	unemployment	numbers	are	looking	great	and	Regulations	&amp;	Taxes	have	been	massively	Cut!	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS											
announced	he	is	running	for	the	Senate	from	the	wonderful	State	of	Utah.	He	will	make	a	great	Senator	and	worthy	successor	to	@OrrinHatch	and	has	my	full	support	and	endorsement!																							
President	up	to	and	beyond	the	2016	Election.	So	why	didn’t	he	do	something	about	Russian	meddling?																																					
great	but	very	reflective	President’s	Day!																																																
a	very	insecure	Oprah	Winfrey	who	at	one	point	I	knew	very	well	interview	a	panel	of	people	on	60	Minutes.	The	questions	were	biased	and	slanted	the	facts	incorrect.	Hope	Oprah	runs	so	she	can	be	exposed	and	defeated	just	like	all	of	the	others!								
friends	from	NASCAR	are	having	their	big	race	today	The	Daytona	500	Brian	France	and	the	France	family	are	special	people.	Enjoy	the	race!																														
to	KenStarr	former	Independent	Counsel	Whitewater	for	your	insight	and	powerful	words	on	FISA	abuse	Russian	meddling	etc.	Really	great	interview	with	@MariaBartiromo																															
John	McLaughlin	now	has	the	GOP	up	in	the	Generic	Congressional	Ballot.	Big	gain	over	last	4	weeks.	I	guess	people	are	loving	the	big	Tax	Cuts	given	them	by	the	Republicans	the	Cuts	the	Dems	want	to	take	away.	We	need	more	Republicans!										
News	of	big	ratings	loser	CNN.	https://t.co/rYsv90cnvs																																															
was	the	GOAL	of	Russia	to	create	discord	disruption	and	chaos	within	the	U.S.	then	with	all	of	the	Committee	Hearings	Investigations	and	Party	hatred	they	have	succeeded	beyond	their	wildest	dreams.	They	are	laughing	their	asses	off	in	Moscow.	Get	smart	America!											
Adam	Schiff	is	starting	to	blame	President	Obama	for	Russian	meddling	in	the	election	he	is	probably	doing	so	as	yet	another	excuse	that	the	Democrats	lead	by	their	fearless	leader	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	lost	the	2016	election.	But	wasn’t	I	a	great	candidate?										
said	Russia	did	not	meddle	in	the	election	I	said	“it	may	be	Russia	or	China	or	another	country	or	group	or	it	may	be	a	400	pound	genius	sitting	in	bed	and	playing	with	his	computer.”	The	Russian	“hoax”	was	that	the	Trump	campaign	colluded	with	Russia	-	it	never	did!		
Adam	Schiff	the	leakin’	monster	of	no	control	is	now	blaming	the	Obama	Administration	for	Russian	meddling	in	the	2016	Election.	He	is	finally	right	about	something.	Obama	was	President	knew	of	the	threat	and	did	nothing.	Thank	you	Adam!														
over	the	fact	that	Obama	was	able	to	send	$1.70 	Billion	Dollars	in	CASH	to	Iran	and	nobody	in	Congress	the	FBI	or	Justice	called	for	an	investigation!																										
forgot	to	say	that	the	results	of	the	2016	election	were	not	impacted	or	changed	by	the	Russians	and	that	the	only	Collusion	was	between	Russia	and	Crooked	H	the	DNC	and	the	Dems.	Remember	the	Dirty	Dossier	Uranium	Speeches	Emails	and	the	Podesta	Company!									
that	the	FBI	missed	all	of	the	many	signals	sent	out	by	the	Florida	school	shooter.	This	is	not	acceptable.	They	are	spending	too	much	time	trying	to	prove	Russian	collusion	with	the	Trump	campaign	-	there	is	no	collusion.	Get	back	to	the	basics	and	make	us	all	proud!				
they	don’t	want	to	solve	the	DACA	problem	why	didn’t	the	Democrats	pass	gun	control	legislation	when	they	had	both	the	House	&amp;	Senate	during	the	Obama	Administration.	Because	they	didn’t	want	to	and	now	they	just	talk!																
seen	all	of	the	Russian	ads	and	I	can	say	very	definitively	that	swaying	the	election	was	*NOT*	the	main	goal.”Rob	GoldmanVice	President	of	Facebook	Ads	https://t.co/A5ft7cGJkE																											
News	Media	never	fails.	Hard	to	ignore	this	fact	from	the	Vice	President	of	Facebook	Ads	Rob	Goldman!	https://t.co/XGC7ynZwYJ																																			
the	Fake	News	Media	doesn’t	want	to	say	that	the	Russian	group	was	formed	in	2014	long	before	my	run	for	President.	Maybe	they	knew	I	was	going	to	run	even	though	I	didn’t	know!																			
Rod	Rosenstein	stated	at	the	News	Conference:	“There	is	no	allegation	in	the	indictment	that	any	American	was	a	knowing	participant	in	this	illegal	activity.	There	is	no	allegation	in	the	indictment	that	the	charged	conduct	altered	the	outcome	of	the	2016	election.											
Don	A	Big	Win”	written	by	Michael	Goodwin	of	the	@nypost	succinctly	states	that	“the	Russians	had	no	impact	on	the	election	results.”	There	was	no	Collusion	with	the	Trump	Campaign.	“She	lost	the	old-fashioned	way	by	being	a	terrible	candidate.	Case	closed.”											
I	met	such	incredible	people	last	night	in	Broward	County	Florida.	Will	never	forget	them	or	the	evening!																																				
Nation	w/one	heavy	heart	continues	to	pray	for	the	victims	&amp;	their	families	in	Parkland	FL.	To	teachers	law	enforcement	first	responders	&amp;	medical	professionals	who	responded	so	bravely	in	the	face	of	danger:	We	THANK	YOU	for	your	courage!	https://t.co/3yJsrebZMG	https://t.co/ti791dENTy												
their	anti-US	campaign	in	2014	long	before	I	announced	that	I	would	run	for	President.	The	results	of	the	election	were	not	impacted.	The	Trump	campaign	did	nothing	wrong	-	no	collusion!																						
how	BADLY	DACA	recipients	have	been	treated	by	the	Democrats...totally	abandoned!	Republicans	are	still	working	hard.																																						
be	leaving	for	Florida	today	to	meet	with	some	of	the	bravest	people	on	earth	-	but	people	whose	lives	have	been	totally	shattered.	Am	also	working	with	Congress	on	many	fronts.																						
Honoring	the	Victims	of	the	Tragedy	in	Parkland	Florida:	https://t.co/RTQWAKiSnR	https://t.co/Nhs32bm5zB																																											
deadly	catch-and-release	and	bars	enforcement	even	for	FUTURE	illegal	immigrants.	Voting	for	this	amendment	would	be	a	vote	AGAINST	law	enforcement	and	a	vote	FOR	open	borders.	If	Dems	are	actually	serious	about	DACA	they	should	support	the	Grassley	bill!														
immigration	bill	would	be	a	total	catastrophe.	@DHSgov	says	it	would	be	“the	end	of	immigration	enforcement	in	America.”	It	creates	a	giant	amnesty	(including	for	dangerous	criminals)	doesn’t	build	the	wall	expands	chain	migration	keeps	the	visa...																
of	tragedy	the	bonds	that	sustain	us	are	those	of	family	faith	community	and	country.	These	bonds	are	stronger	than	the	forces	of	hatred	and	evil	-	and	these	bonds	grow	even	stronger	in	the	hours	of	our	greatest	need.	https://t.co/bu140nscez	https://t.co/OoTXMCSexB												
Republicans	and	Democrats	in	Congress	are	working	hard	to	come	up	with	a	solution	to	DACA	they	should	be	strongly	considering	a	system	of	Merit	Based	Immigration	so	that	we	will	have	the	people	ready	willing	and	able	to	help	all	of	those	companies	moving	into	the	USA!						
signs	that	the	Florida	shooter	was	mentally	disturbed	even	expelled	from	school	for	bad	and	erratic	behavior.	Neighbors	and	classmates	knew	he	was	a	big	problem.	Must	always	report	such	instances	to	authorities	again	and	again!																		
to	Governor	Rick	Scott.	We	are	working	closely	with	law	enforcement	on	the	terrible	Florida	school	shooting.																																					
and	condolences	to	the	families	of	the	victims	of	the	terrible	Florida	shooting.	No	child	teacher	or	anyone	else	should	ever	feel	unsafe	in	an	American	school.																											
was	honored	to	be	joined	by	Republicans	and	Democrats	from	both	the	House	and	Senate	as	well	as	members	of	my	Cabinet	-	to	discuss	the	urgent	need	to	rebuild	and	restore	America’s	depleted	infrastructure.	https://t.co/8ByoQJsjTT	https://t.co/BVBRDvHfcC																	
come	together	to	celebrate	the	extraordinary	contributions	of	African-Americans	to	our	nation	our	thoughts	turn	to	the	heroes	of	the	civil	rights	movement	whose	courage	and	sacrifice	have	inspired	us	all.	Proclamation:	https://t.co/Sw1iGIJgWV	https://t.co/Nx0AEKZy5p																				
DACA	have	begun.	Republicans	want	to	make	a	deal	and	Democrats	say	they	want	to	make	a	deal.	Wouldn’t	it	be	great	if	we	could	finally	after	so	many	years	solve	the	DACA	puzzle.	This	will	be	our	last	chance	there	will	never	be	another	opportunity!	March	5th.						
plan	has	been	put	forward	and	has	received	great	reviews	by	everyone	except	of	course	the	Democrats.	After	many	years	we	have	taken	care	of	our	Military	now	we	have	to	fix	our	roads	bridges	tunnels	airports	and	more.	Bipartisan	make	deal	Dems?											
to	#MAGA	began	@CPAC	2011	and	the	opportunity	to	reconnect	with	friends	and	supporters	is	something	I	look	forward	to	every	year.	See	you	at	#CPAC2018!																												
to	Sue	Kruczek	who	lost	her	wonderful	and	talented	son	Nick	to	the	Opioid	scourge	for	your	kind	words	while	on	@foxandfriends.	We	are	fighting	this	terrible	epidemic	hard	-	Nick	will	not	have	died	in	vain!																	
be	a	big	week	for	Infrastructure.	After	so	stupidly	spending	$7 	trillion	in	the	Middle	East	it	is	now	time	to	start	investing	in	OUR	Country!																												
to	@JohnKasich	to	express	condolences	and	prayers	to	all	for	the	horrible	shooting	of	two	great	police	officers	from	@WestervillePD.	This	is	a	TRUE	tragedy!																													
Barletta	a	Great	Republican	from	Pennsylvania	who	was	one	of	my	very	earliest	supporters	will	make	a	FANTASTIC	Senator.	He	is	strong	&amp;	smart	loves	Pennsylvania	&amp;	loves	our	Country!	Voted	for	Tax	Cuts	unlike	Bob	Casey	who	listened	to	Tax	Hikers	Pelosi	and	Schumer!									
hard	working	Americans	have	already	received	a	large	Bonus	and/or	Pay	Increase	because	of	our	recently	Passed	Tax	Cut	&amp;	Jobs	Bill....and	it	will	only	get	better!	We	are	far	ahead	of	schedule.																					
positive	things	going	on	for	the	U.S.A.	and	the	Fake	News	Media	just	doesn’t	want	to	go	there.	Same	negative	stories	over	and	over	again!	No	wonder	the	People	no	longer	trust	the	media	whose	approval	ratings	are	correctly	at	their	lowest	levels	in	history!				#MAGA					
has	identified	three	major	priorities	for	creating	a	safe	modern	and	lawful	immigration	system:	fully	securing	the	border	ending	chain	migration	and	canceling	the	visa	lottery.	Congress	must	secure	the	immigration	system	and	protect	Americans.	https://t.co/xV1lgfhjBU																		
and	prayers	are	with	the	two	police	officers	their	families	and	everybody	at	the	@WestervillePD.	https://t.co/AoingY77Ky																																						
to	fix	DACA	far	more	than	the	Democrats	do.	The	Dems	had	all	three	branches	of	government	back	in	2008-2011	and	they	decided	not	to	do	anything	about	DACA.	They	only	want	to	use	it	as	a	campaign	issue.	Vote	Republican!													
just	the	FBI	&amp;	DOJ	now	the	State	Department	to	dig	up	dirt	on	him	in	the	days	leading	up	to	the	Election.	Comey	had	conversations	with	Donald	Trump	which	I	don’t	believe	were	accurate...he	leaked	information	(corrupt).”	Tom	Fitton	of	Judicial	Watch	on	@FoxNews									
is	that	not	only	has	Trump	been	vindicated	in	the	last	several	weeks	about	the	mishandling	of	the	Dossier	and	the	lies	about	the	Clinton/DNC	Dossier	it	shows	that	he’s	been	victimized.	He’s	been	victimized	by	the	Obama	Administration	who	were	using	all	sorts	of.......									
are	being	shattered	and	destroyed	by	a	mere	allegation.	Some	are	TRUE	and	some	are	false.	Some	are	old	and	some	are	new.	There	is	no	recovery	for	someone	falsely	accused	-	life	and	career	are	gone.	Is	there	no	such	thing	any	longer	as	Due	Process?							
the	@nytimes	a	Russian	sold	phony	secrets	on	“Trump”	to	the	U.S.	Asking	price	was	$10 	million	brought	down	to	$1 	million	to	be	paid	over	time.	I	hope	people	are	now	seeing	&amp;	understanding	what	is	going	on	here.	It	is	all	now	starting	to	come	out	-	DRAIN	THE	SWAMP!		
sent	a	very	political	and	long	response	memo	which	they	knew	because	of	sources	and	methods	(and	more)	would	have	to	be	heavily	redacted	whereupon	they	would	blame	the	White	House	for	lack	of	transparency.	Told	them	to	re-do	and	send	back	in	proper	form!									
have	dropped	to	a	45	year	low!																																															
non-military	lines	will	never	come	down	if	we	do	not	elect	more	Republicans	in	the	2018	Election	and	beyond.	This	Bill	is	a	BIG	VICTORY	for	our	Military	but	much	waste	in	order	to	get	Dem	votes.	Fortunately	DACA	not	included	in	this	Bill	negotiations	to	start	now!						
Republicans	in	Congress	we	were	forced	to	increase	spending	on	things	we	do	not	like	or	want	in	order	to	finally	after	many	years	of	depletion	take	care	of	our	Military.	Sadly	we	needed	some	Dem	votes	for	passage.	Must	elect	more	Republicans	in	2018	Election!								
Bill.	Our	Military	will	now	be	stronger	than	ever	before.	We	love	and	need	our	Military	and	gave	them	everything	—	and	more.	First	time	this	has	happened	in	a	long	time.	Also	means	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!																	
Mark	Warner	got	caught	having	extensive	contact	with	a	lobbyist	for	a	Russian	oligarch.	Warner	did	not	want	a	“paper	trail”	on	a	“private”	meeting	(in	London)	he	requested	with	Steele	of	fraudulent	Dossier	fame.	All	tied	into	Crooked	Hillary.														
end	the	visa	lottery.	Congress	must	secure	the	immigration	system	and	protect	Americans.	https://t.co/yukxm48x9X																																								
as	we	open	our	eyes	to	God’s	grace	-	and	open	our	hearts	to	God’s	love	-	then	America	will	forever	be	the	land	of	the	free	the	home	of	the	brave	and	a	light	unto	all	nations.	#NationalPrayerBreakfast	https://t.co/1cwxs3l0uK														
be	meeting	with	Henry	Kissinger	at	1:45pm.	Will	be	discussing	North	Korea	China	and	the	Middle	East.																																					
invoked	our	Creator	four	times	in	the	Declaration	of	Independence.	Our	currency	declares	“IN	GOD	WE	TRUST.”	And	we	place	our	hands	on	our	hearts	as	we	recite	the	Pledge	of	Allegiance	and	proclaim	that	we	are	“One	Nation	Under	God.”	#NationalPrayerBreakfast	https://t.co/zukP40Ezpo											
heading	over	shortly	to	make	remarks	at	The	National	Prayer	Breakfast	in	Washington.	Great	religious	and	political	leaders	and	many	friends	including	T.V.	producer	Mark	Burnett	of	our	wonderful	14	season	Apprentice	triumph	will	be	there.	Looking	forward	to	seeing	all!													
Agreement	today	is	so	important	for	our	great	Military.	It	ends	the	dangerous	sequester	and	gives	Secretary	Mattis	what	he	needs	to	keep	America	Great.	Republicans	and	Democrats	must	support	our	troops	and	support	this	Bill!																		
the	Republic	of	Korea	on	what	will	be	a	MAGNIFICENT	Winter	Olympics!	What	the	South	Korean	people	have	built	is	truly	an	inspiration!	https://t.co/giN2B1h6Ph																														
to	the	Republic	of	Korea	on	hosting	the	@Olympics!	What	a	wonderful	opportunity	to	show	everyone	that	you	are	a	truly	GREAT	NATION!	https://t.co/aboM2Up48y																														
TEXTS	ARE	BOMBSHELLS!																																																			
“old	days”	when	good	news	was	reported	the	Stock	Market	would	go	up.	Today	when	good	news	is	reported	the	Stock	Market	goes	down.	Big	mistake	and	we	have	so	much	good	(great)	news	about	the	economy!																	
and	@SpaceX	on	the	successful	#FalconHeavy	launch.	This	achievement	along	with	@NASA’s	commercial	and	international	partners	continues	to	show	American	ingenuity	at	its	best!	https://t.co/eZfLSpyJPK																													
to	our	40th	President	of	the	United	States	of	America	Ronald	Reagan!	https://t.co/JtEglBhm4c																																									
heard	the	experiences	of	law	enforcement	professionals	and	community	leaders	working	to	combat	the	threat	of	MS-13	and	the	reforms	we	need	from	Congress	to	defeat	it.	Watch	here:	https://t.co/VPMTnko7Ik	https://t.co/4OaXXuj9Va																							
a	21st	century	MERIT-BASED	immigration	system.		Chain	migration	and	the	visa	lottery	are	outdated	programs	that	hurt	our	economic	and	national	security.	https://t.co/rP9Gtr2E5N																														
nearly	7	in	10	Americans	support	an	immigration	reform	package	that	includes	DACA	fully	secures	the	border	ends	chain	migration	&amp;	cancels	the	visa	lottery.	If	D’s	oppose	this	deal	they	aren’t	serious	about	DACA-they	just	want	open	borders.	https://t.co/XDMcDOr9vM														
and	best	wishes	are	with	the	family	of	Edwin	Jackson	a	wonderful	young	man	whose	life	was	so	senselessly	taken.	@Colts																																	
that	a	person	illegally	in	our	country	killed	@Colts	linebacker	Edwin	Jackson.	This	is	just	one	of	many	such	preventable	tragedies.	We	must	get	the	Dems	to	get	tough	on	the	Border	and	with	illegal	immigration	FAST!																	
the	historic	TAX	CUTS	that	I	signed	into	law	your	paychecks	are	going	way	UP	your	taxes	are	going	way	DOWN	and	America	is	once	again	OPEN	FOR	BUSINESS!	https://t.co/GISFbDDGXX																								
Nunes	a	man	of	tremendous	courage	and	grit	may	someday	be	recognized	as	a	Great	American	Hero	for	what	he	has	exposed	and	what	he	has	had	to	endure!																									
on	DACA	that	does	not	include	STRONG	border	security	and	the	desperately	needed	WALL	is	a	total	waste	of	time.	March	5th	is	rapidly	approaching	and	the	Dems	seem	not	to	care	about	DACA.	Make	a	deal!																	
Schiff	who	is	desperate	to	run	for	higher	office	is	one	of	the	biggest	liars	and	leakers	in	Washington	right	up	there	with	Comey	Warner	Brennan	and	Clapper!	Adam	leaves	closed	committee	hearings	to	illegally	leak	confidential	information.	Must	be	stopped!													
to	@foxandfriends	for	exposing	the	truth.	Perhaps	that’s	why	your	ratings	are	soooo	much	better	than	your	untruthful	competition!																																			
are	pushing	for	Universal	HealthCare	while	thousands	of	people	are	marching	in	the	UK	because	their	U	system	is	going	broke	and	not	working.	Dems	want	to	greatly	raise	taxes	for	really	bad	and	non-personal	medical	care.	No	thanks!															
the	Philadelphia	Eagles	on	a	great	Super	Bowl	victory!																																													
and	prayers	are	with	all	of	the	victims	involved	in	this	mornings	train	collision	in	South	Carolina.	Thank	you	to	our	incredible	First	Responders	for	the	work	they’ve	done!																									
of	anti-Trump	political	actors.	This	is	unacceptable	in	a	democracy	and	ought	to	alarm	anyone	who	wants	the	FBI	to	be	a	nonpartisan	enforcer	of	the	law....The	FBI	wasn’t	straight	with	Congress	as	it	hid	most	of	these	facts	from	investigators.”	Wall	Street	Journal										
page	memo	released	Friday	reports	the	disturbing	fact	about	how	the	FBI	and	FISA	appear	to	have	been	used	to	influence	the	2016	election	and	its	aftermath....The	FBI	failed	to	inform	the	FISA	court	that	the	Clinton	campaign	had	funded	the	dossier....the	FBI	became....										
numbers	and	finally	after	many	years	rising	wages-	and	nobody	even	talks	about	them.	Only	Russia	Russia	Russia	despite	the	fact	that	after	a	year	of	looking	there	is	No	Collusion!																							
totally	vindicates	“Trump”	in	probe.	But	the	Russian	Witch	Hunt	goes	on	and	on.	Their	was	no	Collusion	and	there	was	no	Obstruction	(the	word	now	used	because	after	one	year	of	looking	endlessly	and	finding	NOTHING	collusion	is	dead).	This	is	an	American	disgrace!									
announced	that	my	approval	rating	jumped	to	49%	a	far	better	number	than	I	had	in	winning	the	Election	and	higher	than	certain	“sacred	cows.”	Other	Trump	polls	are	way	up	also.	So	why	does	the	media	refuse	to	write	this?	Oh	well	someday!										
was	my	honor	to	join	the	great	men	and	women	of	@DHSgov	@CustomsBorder	@ICEgov	and	@USCIS	at	the	U.S.	Customs	and	Border	Protection	National	Targeting	Center	in	Sterling	Virginia.	Fact	sheet:	https://t.co/Q027Wgdzdo	https://t.co/NecuA0y1Sk																					
orator	outlines	the	greatness	of	America	to	Democrats’	disgust”	https://t.co/XpirrtTY6V																																												
million	Americans	receiving	bonuses	or	other	benefits	from	their	employers	as	a	result	of	TAX	CUTS	2018	is	off	to	great	start!✅Unemployment	rate	at	4.1%.✅Average	earnings	up	2.90%	in	the	last	year.✅200000	new	American	jobs.✅#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/upqSvBhRqJ																		
Hillary	Clinton	and	the	Democratic	Party	try	to	hide	the	fact	that	they	gave	money	to	GPS	Fusion	to	create	a	Dossier	which	was	used	by	their	allies	in	the	Obama	Administration	to	convince	a	Court	misleadingly	by	all	accounts	to	spy	on	the	Trump	Team.”	Tom	Fitton	JW					
Leadership	and	Investigators	of	the	FBI	and	the	Justice	Department	have	politicized	the	sacred	investigative	process	in	favor	of	Democrats	and	against	Republicans	-	something	which	would	have	been	unthinkable	just	a	short	time	ago.	Rank	&amp;	File	are	great	people!													
just	aren’t	calling	about	DACA.	Nancy	Pelosi	and	Chuck	Schumer	have	to	get	moving	fast	or	they’ll	disappoint	you	again.	We	have	a	great	chance	to	make	a	deal	or	blame	the	Dems!	March	5th	is	coming	up	fast.															
for	all	of	the	nice	compliments	and	reviews	on	the	State	of	the	Union	speech.	45.6	million	people	watched	the	highest	number	in	history.	@FoxNews	beat	every	other	Network	for	the	first	time	ever	with	11.7	million	people	tuning	in.	Delivered	from	the	heart!										
is	rapidly	approaching	and	the	Democrats	are	doing	nothing	about	DACA.	They	Resist	Blame	Complain	and	Obstruct	-	and	do	nothing.	Start	pushing	Nancy	Pelosi	and	the	Dems	to	work	out	a	DACA	fix	NOW!																			
beautiful	West	Virginia	to	be	with	great	members	of	the	Republican	Party.	Will	be	planning	Infrastructure	and	discussing	Immigration	and	DACA	not	easy	when	we	have	no	support	from	the	Democrats.	NOT	ONE	DEM	VOTED	FOR	OUR	TAX	CUT	BILL!	Need	more	Republicans	in	‘18.									
live	for	the	#SOTUhttps://t.co/0SLktWxfHi																																																		
America’s	new	Secretary	of	@HHSGov	Alex	Azar!	https://t.co/Y9inQaCt7o																																														
is	better	than	it	has	been	in	many	decades.	Businesses	are	coming	back	to	America	like	never	before.	Chrysler	as	an	example	is	leaving	Mexico	and	coming	back	to	the	USA.	Unemployment	is	nearing	record	lows.	We	are	on	the	right	track!												
inform	Jay-Z	that	because	of	my	policies	Black	Unemployment	has	just	been	reported	to	be	at	the	LOWEST	RATE	EVER	RECORDED!																																	
not	interested	in	Border	Safety	&amp;	Security	or	in	the	funding	and	rebuilding	of	our	Military.	They	are	only	interested	in	Obstruction!																																
offered	DACA	a	wonderful	deal	including	a	doubling	in	the	number	of	recipients	&amp;	a	twelve	year	pathway	to	citizenship	for	two	reasons:	-1	Because	the	Republicans	want	to	fix	a	long	time	terrible	problem.	-2	To	show	that	Democrats	do	not	want	to	solve	DACA	only	use	it!					
innocent	Afghans	brave	police	in	Kabul	today.	Our	thoughts	and	prayers	go	to	the	victims	and	first	responders.	We	will	not	allow	the	Taliban	to	win!																												
Remembrance	Day	we	mourn	and	grieve	the	murder	of	6	million	innocent	Jewish	men	women	and	children	and	the	millions	of	others	who	perished	in	the	evil	Nazi	Genocide.	We	pledge	with	all	of	our	might	and	resolve:	Never	Again!	https://t.co/PfHM7UiZ0C	https://t.co/25W0SZHTOu												
to	Brandon	Judd	of	the	National	Border	Patrol	Council	for	his	strong	statement	on	@foxandfriends	that	we	very	badly	NEED	THE	WALL.	Must	also	end	loophole	of	“catch	&amp;	release”	and	clean	up	the	legal	and	other	procedures	at	the	border	NOW	for	Safety	&amp;	Security	reasons.							
for	the	wonderful	welcome	@WEF!	#Davos2018	https://t.co/IQkoQJxR5B																																															
been	made	increasingly	difficult	by	the	fact	that	Cryin’	Chuck	Schumer	took	such	a	beating	over	the	shutdown	that	he	is	unable	to	act	on	immigration!																												
from	a	very	exciting	two	days	in	Davos	Switzerland.	Speech	on	America’s	economic	revival	was	well	received.	Many	of	the	people	I	met	will	be	investing	in	the	U.S.A.!	#MAGA																								
live	at	the	2018	World	Economic	Forum	in	Davos	Switzerland!	#WEF18	https://t.co/fdHejCmv73	https://t.co/DuKJlVTWB8																																									
meeting	with	President	@Alain_Berset	of	the	Swiss	Confederation	-	as	we	continue	to	strengthen	our	great	friendship.	Such	an	honor	to	be	in	Switzerland!	#WEF18	https://t.co/87pLrCpQkZ																												
an	honor	to	meet	with	Republic	of	Rwanda	President	Paul	Kagame	this	morning	in	Davos	Switzerland.	Many	great	discussions!	#WEF18	https://t.co/SaPzwVhDiB																																	
interviewed	on		@SquawkCNBC	by	@JoeSquawk	coming	up	at	6:00amE	from	Davos	Switzerland.	Enjoy!	#WEF18	https://t.co/7egYlxnFBd																																						
everywhere	remember	the	brave	men	and	women	of	@NASA	who	lost	their	lives	in	our	Nation’s	eternal	quest	to	expand	the	boundaries	of	human	potential.	https://t.co/clBsJTGz8B	https://t.co/jTJkusdBQA																											
bilateral	meeting	with	Prime	Minister	Benjamin	@Netanyahu	of	Israel	-	in	Davos	Switzerland!	#WEF18	https://t.co/2sZM9YI7tJ																																							
meeting	with	Prime	Minister	Theresa	May	of	the	United	Kingdom	affirming	the	special	relationship	and	our	commitment	to	work	together	on	key	national	security	challenges	and	economic	opportunities.	#WEF18	https://t.co/FPP8aRDAyt																								
be	heading	to	Davos	Switzerland	to	tell	the	world	how	great	America	is	and	is	doing.	Our	economy	is	now	booming	and	with	all	I	am	doing	will	only	get	better...Our	country	is	finally	WINNING	again!																		
my	great	honor	to	welcome	Mayor’s	from	across	America	to	the	WH.	My	Administration	will	always	support	local	government	-	and	listen	to	the	leaders	who	know	their	communities	best.	Together	we	will	usher	in	a	bold	new	era	of	Peace	and	Prosperity!	https://t.co/dmYECTnk0a	https://t.co/RSv7V7r0DT									
I	spoke	with	@GovMattBevin	of	Kentucky	regarding	yesterday’s	shooting	at	Marshall	County	High	School.	My	thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	Bailey	Holt	Preston	Cope	their	families	and	all	of	the	wounded	victims	who	are	in	recovery.	We	are	with	you!														
by	companies	from	all	over	the	world	being	made	in	America.	There	has	never	been	anything	like	it.	Now	Disney	J.P.	Morgan	Chase	and	many	others.	Massive	Regulation	Reduction	and	Tax	Cuts	are	making	us	a	powerhouse	again.	Long	way	to	go!	Jobs	Jobs	Jobs!									
Schumer	fully	understands	especially	after	his	humiliating	defeat	that	if	there	is	no	Wall	there	is	no	DACA.	We	must	have	safety	and	security	together	with	a	strong	Military	for	our	great	people!																					
the	50000	important	text	messages	between	FBI	lovers	Lisa	Page	and	Peter	Strzok?		Blaming	Samsung!																																						
to	General	John	Kelly	who	is	doing	a	fantastic	job	and	all	of	the	Staff	and	others	in	the	White	House	for	a	job	well	done.	Long	hours	and	Fake	reporting	makes	your	job	more	difficult	but	it	is	always	great	to	WIN	and	few	have	won	more	than	us!				
for	sure	that	the	Republicans	&amp;	Democrats	will	be	able	to	reach	a	deal	on	DACA	by	February	8	but	everyone	will	be	trying....with	a	big	additional	focus	put	on	Military	Strength	and	Border	Security.	The	Dems	have	just	learned	that	a	Shutdown	is	not	the	answer!							
of	the	biggest	stories	in	a	long	time	the	FBI	now	says	it	is	missing	five	months	worth	of	lovers	Strzok-Page	texts	perhaps	50000	and	all	in	prime	time.	Wow!																								
of	the	biggest	stories	in	a	long	time	the	FBI	says	it	is	now	missing	five	months	worth	of	lovers	Strzok	-	Page	texts	perhaps	50000	all	in	prime	time.	Wow!																							
Jim	Acosta	of	Fake	News	CNN	agrees:	“Trump	World	and	WH	sources	dancing	in	end	zone:	Trump	wins	again...Schumer	and	Dems	caved...gambled	and	lost.”	Thank	you	for	your	honesty	Jim!																								
for	Republicans	as	Democrats	cave	on	Shutdown.	Now	I	want	a	big	win	for	everyone	including	Republicans	Democrats	and	DACA	but	especially	for	our	Great	Military	and	Border	Security.	Should	be	able	to	get	there.	See	you	at	the	negotiating	table!													
Democrats	Obstruction!	https://t.co/tzBXilvW1b																																																			
shut	down	our	government	in	the	interests	of	their	far	left	base.	They	don’t	want	to	do	it	but	are	powerless!																																	
are	turning	down	services	and	security	for	citizens	in	favor	of	services	and	security	for	non-citizens.	Not	good!																																				
to	Brad	Blakeman	on	@FoxNews	for	grading	year	one	of	my	presidency	with	an	“A”-and	likewise	to	Doug	Schoen	for	the	very	good	grade	and	statements.	Working	hard!																										
see	how	hard	Republicans	are	fighting	for	our	Military	and	Safety	at	the	Border.	The	Dems	just	want	illegal	immigrants	to	pour	into	our	nation	unchecked.	If	stalemate	continues	Republicans	should	go	to	51%	(Nuclear	Option)	and	vote	on	real	long	term	budget	no	C.R.’s!									
on	@JudgeJeanine	on	@FoxNews	now!																																																	
Administration	has	terminated	more	UNNECESSARY	Regulation	in	just	twelve	months	than	any	other	Administration	has	terminated	during	their	full	term	in	office	no	matter	what	the	length.	The	good	news	is	THERE	IS	MUCH	MORE	TO	COME!																	
for	our	Country	in	so	many	ways	since	the	Election.	Record	Stock	Market	Strong	on	Military	Crime	Borders	&amp;	ISIS	Judicial	Strength	&amp;	Numbers	Lowest	Unemployment	for	Women	&amp;	ALL	Massive	Tax	Cuts	end	of	Individual	Mandate	-	and	so	much	more.	Big	2018!										
all	over	our	great	country	a	perfect	day	for	all	Women	to	March.	Get	out	there	now	to	celebrate	the	historic	milestones	and	unprecedented	economic	success	and	wealth	creation	that	has	taken	place	over	the	last	12	months.	Lowest	female	unemployment	in	18	years!										
holding	our	Military	hostage	over	their	desire	to	have	unchecked	illegal	immigration.	Can’t	let	that	happen!																																						
																																																					
asking	the	Republicans	only	have	51	votes	in	the	Senate	and	they	need	60	That	is	why	we	need	to	win	more	Republicans	in	2018	Election!	We	can	then	be	even	tougher	on		Crime	(and	Border)	and	even	better	to	our	Military	&amp;	Veterans!									
the	One	Year	Anniversary	of	my	Presidency	and	the	Democrats	wanted	to	give	me	a	nice	present.	#DemocratShutdown																																				
far	more	concerned	with	Illegal	Immigrants	than	they	are	with	our	great	Military	or	Safety	at	our	dangerous	Southern	Border.	They	could	have	easily	made	a	deal	but	decided	to	play	Shutdown	politics	instead.	#WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18	in	order	to	power	through	mess!													
good	for	our	great	Military	or	Safety	&amp;	Security	on	the	very	dangerous	Southern	Border.	Dems	want	a	Shutdown	in	order	to	help	diminish	the	great	success	of	the	Tax	Cuts	and	what	they	are	doing	for	our	booming	economy.														
meeting	in	Oval	with	@SenSchumer	-	working	on	solutions	for	Security	and	our	great	Military	together	with	@SenateMajLdr	McConnell	and	@SpeakerRyan.	Making	progress	-	four	week	extension	would	be	best!																								
702	Bill	to	reauthorize	foreign	intelligence	collection.	This	is	NOT	the	same	FISA	law	that	was	so	wrongly	abused	during	the	election.	I	will	always	do	the	right	thing	for	our	country	and	put	the	safety	of	the	American	people	first!													
was	honored	and	proud	to	address	the	45th	Annual	@March_for_Life!	You	are	living	witnesses	of	this	year’s	March	for	Life	theme:	#LoveSavesLives.	https://t.co/DMST4qhDmp																															
the	government	is	a	very	serious	thing.	People	die	accidents	happen.	I	don’t	know	how	I	would	vote	right	now	on	a	CR	OK?”Sen.	Dianne	Feinstein	(D-Calif)https://t.co/7xP3CBnv5j																											
with	Director	Marc	Short	and	Director	Mick	Mulvaney...https://t.co/0O0VsYXmHB																																														
Bill	past	last	night	in	the	House	of	Representatives.	Now	Democrats	are	needed	if	it	is	to	pass	in	the	Senate	-	but	they	want	illegal	immigration	and	weak	borders.	Shutdown	coming?	We	need	more	Republican	victories	in	2018!															
Representatives	needs	to	pass	Government	Funding	Bill	tonight.	So	important	for	our	country	-	our	Military	needs	it!																																				
once	again	be	a	NATION	that	thinks	big	dreams	bigger	and	always	reaches	for	the	stars.	YOU	are	the	ones	who	will	shape	America’s	destiny.	YOU	are	the	ones	who	will	restore	our	prosperity.	And	YOU	are	the	ones	who	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#MAGA	https://t.co/f2abNK47II							
now	where	it	was	my	great	honor	to	stand	with	our	incredible	workers	and	to	show	the	world	that	AMERICA	is	back	-	and	we	are	coming	back	bigger	and	better	and	stronger	than	ever	before!	https://t.co/kWPgylqFzj																	
shutdown	will	be	devastating	to	our	military...something	the	Dems	care	very	little	about!																																									
be	part	of	a	long	term	solution	not	a	30	Day	or	short	term	extension!																																							
the	Wall	for	the	safety	and	security	of	our	country.	We	need	the	Wall	to	help	stop	the	massive	inflow	of	drugs	from	Mexico	now	rated	the	number	one	most	dangerous	country	in	the	world.	If	there	is	no	Wall	there	is	no	Deal!										
going	to	Pennsylvania	today	in	order	to	give	my	total	support	to	RICK	SACCONE	running	for	Congress	in	a	Special	Election	(March	13).	Rick	is	a	great	guy.	We	need	more	Republicans	to	continue	our	already	successful	agenda!																
will	be	paid	for	directly	or	indirectly	or	through	longer	term	reimbursement	by	Mexico	which	has	a	ridiculous	$71 	billion	dollar	trade	surplus	with	the	U.S.	The	$20 	billion	dollar	Wall	is	“peanuts”	compared	to	what	Mexico	makes	from	the	U.S.	NAFTA	is	a	bad	joke!								
is	the	Wall	it	has	never	changed	or	evolved	from	the	first	day	I	conceived	of	it.	Parts	will	be	of	necessity	see	through	and	it	was	never	intended	to	be	built	in	areas	where	there	is	natural	protection	such	as	mountains	wastelands	or	tough	rivers	or	water.....						
in	retreat	our	economy	is	booming	investments	and	jobs	are	pouring	back	into	the	country	and	so	much	more!	Together	there	is	nothing	we	can’t	overcome--even	a	very	biased	media.	We	ARE	Making	America	Great	Again!																		
very	corrupt	and	dishonest	media	coverage	there	are	many	great	reporters	I	respect	and	lots	of	GOOD	NEWS	for	the	American	people	to	be	proud	of!																												
FAKE	NEWS	winners	are...https://t.co/59G6x2f7fD																																																		
is	BACK!	Strongest	Holiday	Sales	bump	since	the	Great	Recession	--	beating	forecasts	by	BILLIONS	OF	DOLLARS.	https://t.co/kDcGbMieSt																																				
campaign	I	promised	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	by	bringing	businesses	and	jobs	back	to	our	country.	I	am	very	proud	to	see	companies	like	Chrysler	moving	operations	from	Mexico	to	Michigan	where	there	are	so	many	great	American	workers!	https://t.co/hz2q9UTfnF													
that	my	policies	would	allow	companies	like	Apple	to	bring	massive	amounts	of	money	back	to	the	United	States.	Great	to	see	Apple	follow	through	as	a	result	of	TAX	CUTS.	Huge	win	for	American	workers	and	the	USA!	https://t.co/OwXVUyLOb1														
witnessed	an	incredible	moment	in	history	–	the	presentation	of	Congress’	highest	civilian	honor	to	our	friend	and	TRUE	AMERICAN	HERO	Bob	Dole.	#CongressionalGoldMedal	https://t.co/qNQqDLRmCk																													
on	@foxandfriends		now!																																																		
to	keep	America	safe	including	moving	away	from	a	random	chain	migration	and	lottery	system	to	one	that	is	merit-based.	https://t.co/7PtoSFK1n2																																	
from	DOJ	&amp;	DHS	shows	that	nearly	3	in	4	individuals	convicted	of	terrorism-related	charges	are	foreign-born.	We	have	submitted	to	Congress	a	list	of	resources	and	reforms....																										
was	my	honor	to	welcome	President	Nursultan	Nazarbayev	of	Kazakhstan	to	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/TerYFZViax																																								
J.	Trump	Proclaims	January	16	2018	as	Religious	Freedom	Day”	https://t.co/bD3R2dJfyp																																											
Black	Americans	is	the	lowest	ever	recorded.	Trump	approval	ratings	with	Black	Americans	has	doubled.	Thank	you	and	it	will	get	even	(much)	better!	@FoxNews																													
Trump	2017	news	coverage	was	negative”	#NAME?	much	of	it	contrived!@foxandfriends																																											
notice	the	Fake	News	Mainstream	Media	never	likes	covering	the	great	and	record	setting	economic	news	but	rather	talks	about	anything	negative	or	that	can	be	turned	into	the	negative.	The	Russian	Collusion	Hoax	is	dead	except	as	it	pertains	to	the	Dems.	Public	gets	it!								
want	to	shut	down	the	Government	over	Amnesty	for	all	and	Border	Security.	The	biggest	loser	will	be	our	rapidly	rebuilding	Military	at	a	time	we	need	it	more	than	ever.	We	need	a	merit	based	system	of	immigration	and	we	need	it	now!	No	more	dangerous	Lottery.						
have	Security	at	our	VERY	DANGEROUS	SOUTHERN	BORDER	and	we	must	have	a	great	WALL	to	help	protect	us	and	to	help	stop	the	massive	inflow	of	drugs	pouring	into	our	country!																						
Durbin	totally	misrepresented	what	was	said	at	the	DACA	meeting.	Deals	can’t	get	made	when	there	is	no	trust!	Durbin	blew	DACA	and	is	hurting	our	Military.																											
drugs	they	want	to	take	money	away	from	our	military	which	we	cannot	do.”	My	standard	is	very	simple	AMERICA	FIRST	&amp;	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																												
me	last	night	in	Florida:	“Honestly	I	don’t	think	the	Democrats	want	to	make	a	deal.	They	talk	about	DACA	but	they	don’t	want	to	help..We	are	ready	willing	and	able	to	make	a	deal	but	they	don’t	want	to.	They	don’t	want	security	at	the	border	they	don’t	want.....				
regulation	cuts	made	it	all	possible”	(among	many	other	things).	“President	Trump	reversed	the	policies	of	President	Obama	and	reversed	our	economic	decline.”	Thank	you	Stuart	Varney.		@foxandfriends																									
is	not	getting	the	credit	he	deserves	for	the	economy.	Tax	Cut	bonuses	to	more	than	2000000	workers.	Most	explosive	Stock	Market	rally	that	we’ve	seen	in	modern	times.	18000	to	26000	from	Election	and	grounded	in	profitability	and	growth.	All	Trump	not	0...										
President	want	people	coming	into	our	Country	who	are	going	to	help	us	become	strong	and	great	again	people	coming	in	through	a	system	based	on	MERIT.	No	more	Lotteries!	#AMERICA	FIRST																						
probably	dead	because	the	Democrats	don’t	really	want	it	they	just	want	to	talk	and	take	desperately	needed	money	away	from	our	Military.																															
knew	exactly	what	I	said	and	meant.	They	just	wanted	a	story.	FAKE	NEWS!																																								
Street	Journal	stated	falsely	that	I	said	to	them	“I	have	a	good	relationship	with	Kim	Jong	Un”	(of	N.	Korea).	Obviously	I	didn’t	say	that.	I	said	“I’d	have	a	good	relationship	with	Kim	Jong	Un”	a	big	difference.	Fortunately	we	now	record	conversations	with	reporters...							
Fake	News	is	being	reported.	They	don’t	even	try	to	get	it	right	or	correct	it	when	they	are	wrong.	They	promote	the	Fake	Book	of	a	mentally	deranged	author	who	knowingly	writes	FALSE	information.	The	Mainstream	Media	is	crazed	that	WE	won	the	election!									
believe	the	Democrats	really	want	to	see	a	deal	on	DACA.	They	are	all	talk	and	no	action.	This	is	the	time	but	day	by	day	they	are	blowing	the	one	great	opportunity	they	have.	Too	bad!																	
another	big	day	for	jobs	and	the	Stock	Market.	Chrysler	coming	back	to	U.S.	(Michigan)	from	Mexico	and	many	more	companies	paying	out	Tax	Cut	money	to	employees.	If	Dems	won	in	November	Market	would	have	TANKED!	It	was	headed	for	disaster.												
																																																					
are	all	talk	and	no	action.	They	are	doing	nothing	to	fix	DACA.	Great	opportunity	missed.	Too	bad!																																				
a	big	day	for	the	stock	market.	Jobs	are	coming	back	to	America.	Chrysler	is	coming	back	to	the	USA	from	Mexico	and	many	others	will	follow.	Tax	cut	money	to	employees	is	pouring	into	our	economy	with	many	more	companies	announcing.	American	business	is	hot	again!							
was	my	great	honor	to	proclaim	January	15	2018	as	Martin	Luther	King	Jr.	Federal	Holiday.	I	encourage	all	Americans	to	observe	this	day	with	appropriate	civic	community	and	service	activities	in	honor	of	Dr.	King's	life	and	legacy.	https://t.co/samlJsz1Nt														
anything	derogatory	about	Haitians	other	than	Haiti	is	obviously	a	very	poor	and	troubled	country.	Never	said	“take	them	out.”	Made	up	by	Dems.	I	have	a	wonderful	relationship	with	Haitians.	Probably	should	record	future	meetings	-	unfortunately	no	trust!														
want	to	stop	paying	our	troops	and	government	workers	in	order	to	give	a	sweetheart	deal	not	a	fair	deal	for	DACA.	Take	care	of	our	Military	and	our	Country	FIRST!																							
used	by	me	at	the	DACA	meeting	was	tough	but	this	was	not	the	language	used.	What	was	really	tough	was	the	outlandish	proposal	made	-	a	big	setback	for	DACA!																							
the	Democrats	not	being	interested	in	life	and	safety	DACA	has	now	taken	a	big	step	backwards.	The	Dems	will	threaten	“shutdown”	but	what	they	are	really	doing	is	shutting	down	our	military	at	a	time	we	need	it	most.	Get	smart	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!								
are	doing	badly.	I	want	a	merit	based	system	of	immigration	and	people	who	will	help	take	our	country	to	the	next	level.	I	want	safety	and	security	for	our	people.	I	want	to	stop	the	massive	inflow	of	drugs.	I	want	to	fund	our	military	not	do	a	Dem	defund....			
bipartisan	DACA	deal	presented	yesterday	to	myself	and	a	group	of	Republican	Senators	and	Congressmen	was	a	big	step	backwards.	Wall	was	not	properly	funded	Chain	&amp;	Lottery	were	made	worse	and	USA	would	be	forced	to	take	large	numbers	of	people	from	high	crime.....									
canceled	my	trip	to	London	is	that	I	am	not	a	big	fan	of	the	Obama	Administration	having	sold	perhaps	the	best	located	and	finest	embassy	in	London	for	“peanuts”	only	to	build	a	new	one	in	an	off	location	for	1.2	billion	dollars.	Bad	deal.	Wanted	me	to	cut	ribbon-NO!			
seem	intent	on	having	people	and	drugs	pour	into	our	country	from	the	Southern	Border	risking	thousands	of	lives	in	the	process.	It	is	my	duty	to	protect	the	lives	and	safety	of	all	Americans.	We	must	build	a	Great	Wall	think	Merit	and	end	Lottery	&amp;	Chain.	USA!					
Feinstein	should	never	have	released	secret	committee	testimony	to	the	public	without	authorization.	Very	disrespectful	to	committee	members	and	possibly	illegal.	She	blamed	her	poor	decision	on	the	fact	she	had	a	cold	-	a	first!																		
moving	a	massive	plant	from	Mexico	to	Michigan	reversing	a	years	long	opposite	trend.	Thank	you	Chrysler	a	very	wise	decision.	The	voters	in	Michigan	are	very	happy	they	voted	for	Trump/Pence.	Plenty	of	more	to	follow!																	
news	as	a	result	of	historical	Tax	Cuts	and	Reform:	Fiat	Chrysler	announces	plan	to	invest	more	than	$1 	BILLION	in	Michigan	plant	relocating	their	heavy-truck	production	from	Mexico	to	Michigan	adding	2500	new	jobs	and	paying	$2,000 	bonus	to	U.S.	employees!	https://t.co/47azKD0l9B											
Poll	has	highest	approval	numbers	in	the	polls	history.	All	business	is	just	at	the	beginning	of	something	really	special!																																		
Adam	Levine	The	Federalist	in	interview	on	@foxandfriends		“Donald	Trump	is	the	greatest	President	our	Country	has	ever	seen.”																																		
signed	the	#INTERDICTAct	(H.R.	2142)	with	bipartisan	members	of	Congress	to	help	end	the	flow	of	drugs	into	our	country.	Together	we	are	committed	to	doing	everything	we	can	to	combat	the	deadly	scourge	of	drug	addiction	and	overdose	in	the	United	States!	https://t.co/ELZvFol5Lo										
as	a	result	of	our	TAX	CUTS	&amp;	JOBS	ACT!	https://t.co/SLvhLxP3Jl																																											
being	said	I	have	personally	directed	the	fix	to	the	unmasking	process	since	taking	office	and	today’s	vote	is	about	foreign	surveillance	of	foreign	bad	guys	on	foreign	land.	We	need	it!	Get	smart!																				
low	in	illegal	immigration	this	year.”	@foxandfriends																																															
on	controversial	FISA	ACT	today.”	This	is	the	act	that	may	have	been	used	with	the	help	of	the	discredited	and	phony	Dossier	to	so	badly	surveil	and	abuse	the	Trump	Campaign	by	the	previous	administration	and	others?																
Quinnipiac	Poll	66%	of	people	feel	the	economy	is	“Excellent	or	Good.”	That	is	the	highest	number	ever	recorded	by	this	poll.																																
paid	for	by	Democrats	“Dossier	used	to	spy	on	Trump	Campaign.	Did	FBI	use	Intel	tool	to	influence	the	Election?”	@foxandfriends		Did	Dems	or	Clinton	also	pay	Russians?	Where	are	hidden	and	smashed	DNC	servers?	Where	are	Crooked	Hillary	Emails?		What	a	mess!									
Toyota	and	Mazda	announce	giant	new	Huntsville	Alabama	plant	which	will	produce	over	300000	cars	and	SUV’s	a	year	and	employ	4000	people.	Companies	are	coming	back	to	the	U.S.	in	a	very	big	way.	Congratulations	Alabama!																	
and	simplifying	regulations	makes	America	the	place	to	invest!	Great	news	as	Toyota	and	Mazda	announce	they	are	bringing	4000	JOBS	and	investing	$1.60 	BILLION	in	Alabama	helping	to	further	grow	our	economy!	https://t.co/Kcg8IVH6iA																				
States	needs	the	security	of	the	Wall	on	the	Southern	Border	which	must	be	part	of	any	DACA	approval.	The	safety	and	security	of	our	country	is	#1!	https://t.co/4CFzQXb5aS																									
was	my	great	honor	to	welcome	Prime	Minister	Erna	Solberg	of	Norway	to	the	@WhiteHouse	-	a	great	friend	and	ally	of	the	United	States!	Joint	press	conference:	https://t.co/qWR1BhfQZI	https://t.co/PJvwznjRCO																								
to	thank	my	@Cabinet	for	working	tirelessly	on	behalf	of	our	country.	2017	was	a	year	of	monumental	achievement	and	we	look	forward	to	the	year	ahead.	Together	we	are	delivering	results	and	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/ptXa1hAPwW	https://t.co/yv6RALkQf3															
greatest	Witch	Hunt	in	American	history	continues.	There	was	no	collusion	everybody	including	the	Dems	knows	there	was	no	collusion	&amp;	yet	on	and	on	it	goes.	Russia	&amp;	the	world	is	laughing	at	the	stupidity	they	are	witnessing.	Republicans	should	finally	take	control!										
that	Sneaky	Dianne	Feinstein	who	has	on	numerous	occasions	stated	that	collusion	between	Trump/Russia	has	not	been	found	would	release	testimony	in	such	an	underhanded	and	possibly	illegal	way	totally	without	authorization	is	a	disgrace.	Must	have	tough	Primary!															
shows	everyone	how	broken	and	unfair	our	Court	System	is	when	the	opposing	side	in	a	case	(such	as	DACA)	always	runs	to	the	9th	Circuit	and	almost	always	wins	before	being	reversed	by	higher	courts.																		
agents	and	ERO	officers	on	behalf	of	an	entire	Nation	THANK	YOU	for	what	you	are	doing	24/7/365	to	keep	fellow	American’s	SAFE.	Everyone	is	so	grateful!#LawEnforcementAppreciationDayPresident	@realDonaldTrump	https://t.co/HXCpTlruVo																									
@GOPLeader	Kevin	McCarthy!	Couldn’t	agree	w/you	more.	TOGETHER	we	are	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/QaxtqpyXTR																																										
made	very	clear	today	our	country	needs	the	security	of	the	Wall	on	the	Southern	Border	which	must	be	part	of	any	DACA	approval.																														
was	my	great	honor	to	sign	a	new	Executive	Order	to	ensure	Veterans	have	the	resources	they	need	as	they	transition	back	to	civilian	life.	We	must	ensure	that	our	HEROES	are	given	the	care	and	support	they	so	richly	deserve!	https://t.co/0MdP9DDIAS	https://t.co/LP2a8KCBAp											
all	of	the	Republican	and	Democratic	lawmakers	for	today’s	very	productive	meeting	on	immigration	reform.	There	was	strong	agreement	to	negotiate	a	bill	that	deals	with	border	security	chain	migration	lottery	and	DACA.	https://t.co/SdqAQ3aL3z	https://t.co/8DYHZHspAy																			
my	great	honor	to	sign	H.R.	267	the	“Martin	Luther	King	Jr.	National	Historical	Park	Act”	which	redesignates	the	Martin	Luther	King	Junior	National	Historic	Site	in	the	State	of	Georgia	as	the	Martin	Luther	King	Jr.	National	Historical	Park.	https://t.co/Qe0b6HBFTY	https://t.co/QTgaqTawPT												
of	the	American	people	THANK	YOU	to	our	incredible	law	enforcement	officers.	As	President	of	the	United	States	-	I	will	fight	for	you	and	I	will	never	ever	let	you	down.	Now	more	than	ever	we	must	support	the	men	and	women	in	blue!	#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay	https://t.co/Qb4uxB4JRm							
fighting	for	our	farmers	for	our	country	and	for	our	GREAT	AMERICAN	FLAG.	We	want	our	flag	respected	-	and	we	want	our	NATIONAL	ANTHEM	respected	also!	https://t.co/16eOLXg6Fi																										
decision	we	make	we	are	honoring	America’s	PROUD	FARMING	LEGACY.	Years	of	crushing	taxes	crippling	regs	&amp;	corrupt	politics	left	our	communities	hurting	our	economy	stagnant	&amp;	millions	of	hardworking	Americans	COMPLETELY	FORGOTTEN.	But	they	are	not	forgotten	ANYMORE!	https://t.co/MdYS7xnukQ														
been	working	every	day	to	DELIVER	for	America’s	Farmers	just	as	they	work	every	day	to	deliver	FOR	US.	#AFBF18	https://t.co/QDH7fvFkZ7																																	
to	be	back	in	the	amazing	state	of	Tennessee	to	address	the	99th	American	@FarmBureau	Federation’s	Annual	Convention	in	Nashville!	#AFBF18On	my	way	now	-	join	me	LIVE	at	4:00pmE:	https://t.co/QaljAqekdD.	https://t.co/Wm7Io0hYT8																						
unemployment	is	the	lowest	ever	recorded	in	our	country.	The	Hispanic	unemployment	rate	dropped	a	full	point	in	the	last	year	and	is	close	to	the	lowest	in	recorded	history.	Dems	did	nothing	for	you	but	get	your	vote!		#NeverForget		@foxandfriends											
the	WH	doubling	down	on	Barack	Obama’s	failed	policies	washes	away	any	doubts	that	America	made	the	right	choice.	This	was	truly	a	change	election	—	and	the	changes	Trump	is	bringing	are	far-reaching	&amp;	necessary.”	Thank	you	Michael	Goodwin!	https://t.co/4fHNcx2Ydg													
turning	out	to	be	an	enormously	consequential	presidency.	So	much	so	that	despite	my	own	frustration	over	his	missteps	there	has	never	been	a	day	when	I	wished	Hillary	Clinton	were	president.	Not	one.	Indeed	as	Trump’s	accomplishments	accumulate	the	mere	thought	of...											
Market	has	been	creating	tremendous	benefits	for	our	country	in	the	form	of	not	only	Record	Setting	Stock	Prices	but	present	and	future	Jobs	Jobs	Jobs.	Seven	TRILLION	dollars	of	value	created	since	our	big	election	win!																	
News	Awards	those	going	to	the	most	corrupt	&amp;	biased	of	the	Mainstream	Media	will	be	presented	to	the	losers	on	Wednesday	January	17th	rather	than	this	coming	Monday.	The	interest	in	and	importance	of	these	awards	is	far	greater	than	anyone	could	have	anticipated!									
of	Fake	News	CNN	just	got	destroyed	in	his	interview	with	Stephen	Miller	of	the	Trump	Administration.	Watch	the	hatred	and	unfairness	of	this	CNN	flunky!																												
to	put	up	with	the	Fake	News	from	the	first	day	I	announced	that	I	would	be	running	for	President.	Now	I	have	to	put	up	with	a	Fake	Book	written	by	a	totally	discredited	author.	Ronald	Reagan	had	the	same	problem	and	handled	it	well.	So	will	I!					
David	for	the	White	House.	Great	meetings	with	the	Cabinet	and	Military	on	many	very	important	subjects	including	Border	Security	&amp;	the	desperately	needed	Wall	the	ever	increasing	Drug	and	Opioid	Problem	Infrastructure	Military	Budget	Trade	and	DACA.																
of	the	United	States	(on	my	first	try).	I	think	that	would	qualify	as	not	smart	but	genius....and	a	very	stable	genius	at	that!																														
my	life	my	two	greatest	assets	have	been	mental	stability	and	being	like	really	smart.	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	also	played	these	cards	very	hard	and	as	everyone	knows	went	down	in	flames.	I	went	from	VERY	successful	businessman	to	top	T.V.	Star.....												
Russian	collusion	after	one	year	of	intense	study	has	proven	to	be	a	total	hoax	on	the	American	public	the	Democrats	and	their	lapdogs	the	Fake	News	Mainstream	Media	are	taking	out	the	old	Ronald	Reagan	playbook	and	screaming	mental	stability	and	intelligence.....											
the	reporter	who	made	a	fraudulent	live	newscast	about	me	that	drove	the	Stock	Market	down	350	points	(billions	of	dollars)	was	suspended	for	a	month	but	is	now	back	at	ABC	NEWS	in	a	lower	capacity.	He	is	no	longer	allowed	to	report	on	Trump.	Should	have	been	fired!				
American	unemployment	rate	fell	to	6.80%	the	lowest	rate	in	45	years.	I	am	so	happy	about	this	News!	And	in	the	Washington	Post	(of	all	places)	headline	states	“Trumps	first	year	jobs	numbers	were	very	very	good.”																
is	a	total	loser	who	made	up	stories	in	order	to	sell	this	really	boring	and	untruthful	book.	He	used	Sloppy	Steve	Bannon	who	cried	when	he	got	fired	and	begged	for	his	job.	Now	Sloppy	Steve	has	been	dumped	like	a	dog	by	almost	everyone.	Too	bad!	https://t.co/mEeUhk5ZV9					
Rand!	https://t.co/55sqUDiC0s																																																				
Family	recently	dumped	the	leaker	known	as	Sloppy	Steve	Bannon.	Smart!																																											
that	collusion	with	Russia	is	proving	to	be	a	total	hoax	and	the	only	collusion	is	with	Hillary	Clinton	and	the	FBI/Russia	the	Fake	News	Media	(Mainstream)	and	this	phony	new	book	are	hitting	out	at	every	new	front	imaginable.	They	should	try	winning	an	election.	Sad!							
from	18589	on	November	9	2016	to	25075	today	for	a	new	all-time	Record.	Jumped	1000	points	in	last	5	weeks	Record	fastest	1000	point	move	in	history.	This	is	all	about	the	Make	America	Great	Again	agenda!	Jobs	Jobs	Jobs.	Six	trillion	dollars	in	value	created!							
News	Media	barely	mentions	the	fact	that	the	Stock	Market	just	hit	another	New	Record	and	that	business	in	the	U.S.	is	booming...but	the	people	know!	Can	you	imagine	if	“O”	was	president	and	had	these	numbers	-	would	be	biggest	story	on	earth!	Dow	now	over	25000						
Zero	access	to	White	House	(actually	turned	him	down	many	times)	for	author	of	phony	book!	I	never	spoke	to	him	for	book.	Full	of	lies	misrepresentations	and	sources	that	don’t	exist.	Look	at	this	guy’s	past	and	watch	what	happens	to	him	and	Sloppy	Steve!								
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/iONbr1DkVk																																																			
to	the	great	Republican	Senators	who	showed	up	to	our	mtg	on	immigration	reform.	We	must	BUILD	THE	WALL	stop	illegal	immigration	end	chain	migration	&amp;	cancel	the	visa	lottery.	The	current	system	is	unsafe	&amp;	unfair	to	the	great	people	of	our	country	-	time	for	change!						
crashes	through	25000	Congrats!	Big	cuts	in	unnecessary	regulations	continuing.																																												
this	picture	to	the	NFL	players	who	still	kneel!	https://t.co/tJLM1tvbvb																																												
of	the	failed	“experts”	weighing	in	does	anybody	really	believe	that	talks	and	dialogue	would	be	going	on	between	North	and	South	Korea	right	now	if	I	wasn’t	firm	strong	and	willing	to	commit	our	total	“might”	against	the	North.	Fools	but	talks	are	a	good	thing!							
you	need	identification	sometimes	in	a	very	strong	and	accurate	form	for	almost	everything	you	do.....except	when	it	comes	to	the	most	important	thing	VOTING	for	the	people	that	run	your	country.	Push	hard	for	Voter	Identification!																	
Democrat	States	refused	to	hand	over	data	from	the	2016	Election	to	the	Commission	On	Voter	Fraud.	They	fought	hard	that	the	Commission	not	see	their	records	or	methods	because	they	know	that	many	people	are	voting	illegally.	System	is	rigged	must	go	to	Voter	I.D.								
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
had	another	good	day	but	now	that	the	Tax	Cut	Bill	has	passed	we	have	tremendous	upward	potential.	Dow	just	short	of	25000	a	number	that	few	thought	would	be	possible	this	soon	into	my	administration.	Also	unemployment	went	down	to	4.1%.	Only	getting	better!									
U.S.	companies	have	responded	to	President	Trump’s	tax	cut	and	reform	victory	in	Congress	last	year	by	handing	out	bonuses	up	to	$2,000 	increases	in	401k	matches	and	spending	on	charity	a	much	higher	number	than	previously	known.”	https://t.co/bmWrwWzxMR															
I	are	deeply	saddened	by	the	death	of	Thomas	S.	Monson	a	beloved	President	of	the	Church	of	Jesus	Christ	of	Latter-day	Saints...https://t.co/ETD3fWtfU3																															
for	the	people	of	Iran	as	they	try	to	take	back	their	corrupt	government.	You	will	see	great	support	from	the	United	States	at	the	appropriate	time!																											
has	something	now	he	didn’t	have	a	year	ago	that	is	a	set	of	accomplishments	that	nobody	can	deny.	The	accomplishments	are	there	look	at	his	record	he	has	had	a	very	significant	first	year.”	@LouDobbs	ShowDavid	Asman	&amp;	Ed	Rollins													
be	announcing	THE	MOST	DISHONEST	&amp;	CORRUPT	MEDIA	AWARDS	OF	THE	YEAR	on	Monday	at	5:00	o’clock.	Subjects	will	cover	Dishonesty	&amp;	Bad	Reporting	in	various	categories	from	the	Fake	News	Media.	Stay	tuned!																				
Leader	Kim	Jong	Un	just	stated	that	the	“Nuclear	Button	is	on	his	desk	at	all	times.”	Will	someone	from	his	depleted	and	food	starved	regime	please	inform	him	that	I	too	have	a	Nuclear	Button	but	it	is	a	much	bigger	&amp;	more	powerful	one	than	his	and	my	Button	works!		
with	Israel.	We	have	taken	Jerusalem	the	toughest	part	of	the	negotiation	off	the	table	but	Israel	for	that	would	have	had	to	pay	more.	But	with	the	Palestinians	no	longer	willing	to	talk	peace	why	should	we	make	any	of	these	massive	future	payments	to	them?							
only	Pakistan	that	we	pay	billions	of	dollars	to	for	nothing	but	also	many	other	countries	and	others.	As	an	example	we	pay	the	Palestinians	HUNDRED	OF	MILLIONS	OF	DOLLARS	a	year	and	get	no	appreciation	or	respect.	They	don’t	even	want	to	negotiate	a	long	overdue...							
Senator	Orrin	Hatch	on	an	absolutely	incredible	career.	He	has	been	a	tremendous	supporter	and	I	will	never	forget	the	(beyond	kind)	statements	he	has	made	about	me	as	President.	He	is	my	friend	and	he	will	be	greatly	missed	in	the	U.S.	Senate!	https://t.co/0VjzLEeHTl									
not	rest	until	all	of	America’s	GREAT	VETERANS	can	receive	the	care	they	so	richly	deserve.	Tremendous	progress	has	been	made	in	a	short	period	of	time.	Keep	up	the	great	work	@SecShulkin	@DeptVetAffairs!	https://t.co/ir25vW15hx	https://t.co/OtuzIgxMn6																		
doing	nothing	for	DACA	-	just	interested	in	politics.		DACA	activists	and	Hispanics	will	go	hard	against	Dems	will	start	“falling	in	love”	with	Republicans	and	their	President!	We	are	about	RESULTS.																					
of	a	much	higher	standard	lose	all	of	your	phony	and	non-existent	“sources”	and	treat	the	President	of	the	United	States	FAIRLY	so	that	the	next	time	I	(and	the	people)	win	you	won’t	have	to	write	an	apology	to	your	readers	for	a	job	poorly	done!	GL						
New	York	Times	has	a	new	publisher	A.G.	Sulzberger.	Congratulations!	Here	is	a	last	chance	for	the	Times	to	fulfill	the	vision	of	its	Founder	Adolph	Ochs	“to	give	the	news	impartially	without	fear	or	FAVOR	regardless	of	party	sect	or	interests	involved.”	Get...										
office	I	have	been	very	strict	on	Commercial	Aviation.	Good	news	-	it	was	just	reported	that	there	were	Zero	deaths	in	2017	the	best	and	safest	year	on	record!																								
“other”	pressures	are	beginning	to	have	a	big	impact	on	North	Korea.	Soldiers	are	dangerously	fleeing	to	South	Korea.	Rocket	man	now	wants	to	talk	to	South	Korea	for	first	time.	Perhaps	that	is	good	news	perhaps	not	-	we	will	see!												
giving	big	bonuses	to	their	workers	because	of	the	Tax	Cut	Bill.	Really	great!																																								
to	Brandon	Judd	of	the	National	Border	Patrol	Council	for	your	kind	words	on	how	well	we	are	doing	at	the	Border.	We	will	be	bringing	in	more	&amp;	more	of	your	great	folks	and	will	build	the	desperately	needed	WALL!	@foxandfriends												
Clinton’s	top	aid	Huma	Abedin	has	been	accused	of	disregarding	basic	security	protocols.	She	put	Classified	Passwords	into	the	hands	of	foreign	agents.	Remember	sailors	pictures	on	submarine?	Jail!	Deep	State	Justice	Dept	must	finally	act?	Also	on	Comey	&amp;	others													
of	Iran	are	finally	acting	against	the	brutal	and	corrupt	Iranian	regime.	All	of	the	money	that	President	Obama	so	foolishly	gave	them	went	into	terrorism	and	into	their	“pockets.”	The	people	have	little	food	big	inflation	and	no	human	rights.	The	U.S.	is	watching!									
leaving	Florida	for	Washington	(D.C.)	today	at	4:00	P.M.	Much	work	to	be	done	but	it	will	be	a	great	New	Year!																																
failing	at	every	level	despite	the	terrible	deal	made	with	them	by	the	Obama	Administration.	The	great	Iranian	people	have	been	repressed	for	many	years.	They	are	hungry	for	food	&amp;	for	freedom.	Along	with	human	rights	the	wealth	of	Iran	is	being	looted.	TIME	FOR	CHANGE!							
States	has	foolishly	given	Pakistan	more	than	33	billion	dollars	in	aid	over	the	last	15	years	and	they	have	given	us	nothing	but	lies	&amp;	deceit	thinking	of	our	leaders	as	fools.	They	give	safe	haven	to	the	terrorists	we	hunt	in	Afghanistan	with	little	help.	No	more!					
YEAR!	We	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	and	much	faster	than	anyone	thought	possible!																																								
Country	rapidly	grows	stronger	and	smarter	I	want	to	wish	all	of	my	friends	supporters	enemies	haters	and	even	the	very	dishonest	Fake	News	Media	a	Happy	and	Healthy	New	Year.	2018	will	be	a	great	year	for	America!															
Number	One	State	of	Sponsored	Terror	with	numerous	violations	of	Human	Rights	occurring	on	an	hourly	basis	has	now	closed	down	the	Internet	so	that	peaceful	demonstrators	cannot	communicate.	Not	good!																							
year	it’s	been	and	we're	just	getting	started.	Together	we	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	Happy	New	Year!!	https://t.co/qsMNyN1UJG																																			
condolences	to	the	victims	of	the	terrible	shooting	in	Douglas	County	@DCSheriff	and	their	families.	We	love	our	police	and	law	enforcement	-	God	Bless	them	all!	#LESM																										
smart	voters	want	to	put	Democrats	in	Congress	in	2018	Election	when	their	policies	will	totally	kill	the	great	wealth	created	during	the	months	since	the	Election.	People	are	much	better	off	now	not	to	mention	ISIS	VA	Judges	Strong	Border	2nd	A	Tax	Cuts	&amp;	more?							
Dems	(Crooked	Hillary)	got	elected	your	stocks	would	be	down	50%	from	values	on	Election	Day.	Now	they	have	a	great	future	-	and	just	beginning!	https://t.co/9TzSC8F8vY																											
in	Iran.	The	people	are	finally	getting	wise	as	to	how	their	money	and	wealth	is	being	stolen	and	squandered	on	terrorism.	Looks	like	they	will	not	take	it	any	longer.	The	USA	is	watching	very	closely	for	human	rights	violations!													
Stocks	put	2017	in	the	record	books”	https://t.co/0foQGaFjMh																																														
kicking	in	and	companies	are	coming	back	to	the	U.S.	Unnecessary	regulations	and	high	taxes	are	being	dramatically	Cut	and	it	will	only	get	better.	MUCH	MORE	TO	COME!																									
Social	Media	not	because	I	like	to	but	because	it	is	the	only	way	to	fight	a	VERY	dishonest	and	unfair	“press”	now	often	referred	to	as	Fake	News	Media.	Phony	and	non-existent	“sources”	are	being	used	more	often	than	ever.	Many	stories	&amp;	reports	a	pure	fiction!						
“This	is	the	biggest	corporate	rate	cut	ever	going	back	to	the	corporate	income	tax	rate	of	roughly	80	years	ago.This	is	a	huge	pro-growth	stimulus	for	the	economy.	Every	year	the	Obama	WH	overstated	how	the	economy	would	grow.	Now	real	economics	and	jobs.”	@WSJ	Report							
cannot	endure	forever	and	the	day	will	come	when	the	Iranian	people	will	face	a	choice.	The	world	is	watching!	https://t.co/kvv1uAqcZ9																																	
world	understands	that	the	good	people	of	Iran	want	change	and	other	than	the	vast	military	power	of	the	United	States	that	Iran’s	people	are	what	their	leaders	fear	the	most....	https://t.co/W8rKN9B6RT																						
of	peaceful	protests	by	Iranian	citizens	fed	up	with	regime’s	corruption	&amp;	its	squandering	of	the	nation’s	wealth	to	fund	terrorism	abroad.	Iranian	govt	should	respect	their	people’s	rights	including	right	to	express	themselves.	The	world	is	watching!	#IranProtests															
have	been	told	and	fully	understand	that	there	can	be	no	DACA	without	the	desperately	needed	WALL	at	the	Southern	Border	and	an	END	to	the	horrible	Chain	Migration	&amp;	ridiculous	Lottery	System	of	Immigration	etc.	We	must	protect	our	Country	at	all	cost!										
the	United	States	Post	Office	which	is	losing	many	billions	of	dollars	a	year	while	charging	Amazon	and	others	so	little	to	deliver	their	packages	making	Amazon	richer	and	the	Post	Office	dumber	and	poorer?	Should	be	charging	MUCH	MORE!														
Fake	News	loves	to	talk	about	my	so-called	low	approval	rating	@foxandfriends	just	showed	that	my	rating	on	Dec.	28	2017	was	approximately	the	same	as	President	Obama	on	Dec.	28	2009	which	was	47%...and	this	despite	massive	negative	Trump	coverage	&amp;	Russia	hoax!										
East	it	could	be	the	COLDEST	New	Year’s	Eve	on	record.	Perhaps	we	could	use	a	little	bit	of	that	good	old	Global	Warming	that	our	Country	but	not	other	countries	was	going	to	pay	TRILLIONS	OF	DOLLARS	to	protect	against.	Bundle	up!											
are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/OeyTdFyl1Q	https://t.co/wdLQkfdy4m																																															
saying	it	for	a	long	long	time.	#NoKo	https://t.co/LQl7tGhMdO																																													
HANDED	-	very	disappointed	that	China	is	allowing	oil	to	go	into	North	Korea.	There	will	never	be	a	friendly	solution	to	the	North	Korea	problem	if	this	continues	to	happen!																							
are	at	record	numbers.	We’ve	got	the	economy	going	better	than	anyone	ever	dreamt	-	and	you	haven’t	seen	anything	yet!																																	
which	looks	like	it	is	on	its	last	legs	is	bending	over	backwards	in	apologizing	for	the	minor	hit	they	took	at	Crooked	H.	Anna	Wintour	who	was	all	set	to	be	Amb	to	Court	of	St	James’s	&amp;	a	big	fundraiser	for	CH	is	beside	herself	in	grief	&amp;	begging	for	forgiveness!	
MS-13	Members	Associates	Up	83%	Under	Trump”	https://t.co/70iPHy2Yqn																																														
-	the	day	Trump	was	inaugurated	-	an	estimated	35000	ISIS	fighters	held	approx	17500	square	miles	of	territory	in	both	Iraq	and	Syria.	As	of	21-Dec	the	U.S.	military	est	the	remaining	1000	or	so	fighters	occupy	roughly	1900	square	miles..”	@jamiejmcintyre	@dcexaminer	https://t.co/OgYEuDgzD2									
West	Palm	Beach	Fire	&amp;	Rescue	#2.	Met	with	great	men	and	women	as	representatives	of	those	who	do	so	much	for	all	of	us.	Firefighters	paramedics	first	responders	-	what	amazing	people	they	are!																			
-	the	day	Trump	was	inaugurated	-	an	estimated	35000	ISIS	fighters	held	approx	17500	square	miles	of	territory	in	both	Iraq	and	Syria.	As	of	21-Dec	the	U.S.	military	estimates	the	remaining	1000	or	so	fighters	occupy	roughly	1900	square	miles...”	via	@jamiejmcintyre	https://t.co/0lXKMUoPE9									
are	that	business	is	looking	really	good	for	next	year	only	to	be	helped	further	by	our	Tax	Cut	Bill.	Will	be	a	great	year	for	Companies	and	JOBS!	Stock	Market	is	poised	for	another	year	of	SUCCESS!																
	“Dossier	is	bogus.	Clinton	Campaign	DNC	funded	Dossier.	FBI	CANNOT	(after	all	of	this	time)	VERIFY	CLAIMS	IN	DOSSIER	OF	RUSSIA/TRUMP	COLLUSION.	FBI	TAINTED.”	And	they	used	this	Crooked	Hillary	pile	of	garbage	as	the	basis	for	going	after	the	Trump	Campaign!											
the	fact	that	the	very	unfair	and	unpopular	Individual	Mandate	has	been	terminated	as	part	of	our	Tax	Cut	Bill	which	essentially	Repeals	(over	time)	ObamaCare	the	Democrats	&amp;	Republicans	will	eventually	come	together	and	develop	a	great	new	HealthCare	plan!													
everyone	is	having	a	great	Christmas	then	tomorrow	it’s	back	to	work	in	order	to	Make	America	Great	Again	(which	is	happening	faster	than	anyone	anticipated)!																												
https://t.co/mYtV5GNdLl																																																					
https://t.co/xa2qxcisVV																																																					
proud	to	be	saying	Merry	Christmas	again.	I	am	proud	to	have	led	the	charge	against	the	assault	of	our	cherished	and	beautiful	phrase.	MERRY	CHRISTMAS!!!!!																												
Cut/Reform	Bill	including	Massive	Alaska	Drilling	and	the	Repeal	of	the	highly	unpopular	Individual	Mandate	brought	it	all	together	as	to	what	an	incredible	year	we	had.	Don’t	let	the	Fake	News	convince	you	otherwise...and	our	insider	Polls	are	strong!														
News	refuses	to	talk	about	how	Big	and	how	Strong	our	BASE	is.	They	show	Fake	Polls	just	like	they	report	Fake	News.	Despite	only	negative	reporting	we	are	doing	well	-	nobody	is	going	to	beat	us.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!												
McCabe	“in	addition	to	his	wife	getting	all	of	this	money	from	M	(Clinton	Puppet)	he	was	using	allegedly	his	FBI	Official	Email	Account	to	promote	her	campaign.	You	obviously	cannot	do	this.	These	were	the	people	who	were	investigating	Hillary	Clinton.”												
Republicans	are	May-00	in	Congressional	races	this	year.	In	Senate	I	said	Roy	M	would	lose	in	Alabama	and	supported	Big	Luther	Strange	-	and	Roy	lost.	Virginia	candidate	was	not	a	“Trumper”	and	he	lost.		Good	Republican	candidates	will	win	BIG!											
Market	is	setting	record	after	record	and	unemployment	is	at	a	17	year	low.	So	many	things	accomplished	by	the	Trump	Administration	perhaps	more	than	any	other	President	in	first	year.	Sadly	will	never	be	reported	correctly	by	the	Fake	News	Media!												
lawyer	James	Baker	reassigned”	according	to	@FoxNews.																																															
Director	Andrew	McCabe	is	racing	the	clock	to	retire	with	full	benefits.	90	days	to	go?!!!																																						
FBI	Deputy	Director	Andrew	McCabe	the	man	in	charge	along	with	leakin’	James	Comey	of	the	Phony	Hillary	Clinton	investigation	(including	her	33000	illegally	deleted	emails)	be	given	$700,000 	for	wife’s	campaign	by	Clinton	Puppets	during	investigation?																	
most	hated	part	of	ObamaCare	is	the	Individual	Mandate	which	is	being	terminated	under	our	just	signed	Tax	Cut	Bill.																																		
was	my	great	honor	to	sign	the	largest	TAX	CUTS	and	reform	in	the	history	of	our	country.	Full	remarks:	https://t.co/kMxoxEB68G	https://t.co/OeAoA0sLfx																																
Nations	Security	Council	just	voted	15-0	in	favor	of	additional	Sanctions	on	North	Korea.	The	World	wants	Peace	not	Death!																																		
DeSantis	is	a	brilliant	young	leader	Yale	and	then	Harvard	Law	who	would	make	a	GREAT	Governor	of	Florida.	He	loves	our	Country	and	is	a	TRUE	FIGHTER!																										
Americans	will	pay	less	or	at	worst	the	same	amount	of	taxes	(mostly	far	less).	The	Dems	only	want	to	raise	your	taxes!																															
signing	the	biggest	ever	Tax	Cut	and	Reform	Bill	in	30	minutes	in	Oval	Office.	Will	also	be	signing	a	much	needed	4	billion	dollar	missile	defense	bill.																										
my	Administration	has	done	on	Legislative	Approvals	(broke	Harry	Truman’s	Record)	Regulation	Cutting	Judicial	Appointments	Building	Military	VA	TAX	CUTS	&amp;	REFORM	Record	Economy/Stock	Market	and	so	much	more	I	am	sure	great	credit	will	be	given	by	mainstream	news?														
has	accomplished	some	absolutely	historic	things	during	this	past	year.”	Thank	you	Charlie	Kirk	of	Turning	Points	USA.	Sadly	the	Fake	Mainstream	Media	will	NEVER	talk	about	our	accomplishments	in	their	end	of	year	reviews.	We	are	compiling	a	long	&amp;	beautiful	list.											
point	and	for	the	good	of	the	country	I	predict	we	will	start	working	with	the	Democrats	in	a	Bipartisan	fashion.	Infrastructure	would	be	a	perfect	place	to	start.	After	having	foolishly	spent	$7 	trillion	in	the	Middle	East	it	is	time	to	start	rebuilding	our	country!							
https://t.co/1c8hu6O5t9																																																					
and	very	popular	Tax	Cut	and	Reform	Bill	has	taken	on	an	unexpected	new	source	of	“love”	-	that	is	big	companies	and	corporations	showering	their	workers	with	bonuses.	This	is	a	phenomenon	that	nobody	even	thought	of	and	now	it	is	the	rage.	Merry	Christmas!								
to	everyone	who	joined	me	at	the	@WhiteHouse	yesterday.	Together	we	are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/9HgcBKDSxo	https://t.co/dTMU8OwmWB																																				
want	a	SHUTDOWN	for	the	holidays	in	order	to	distract	from	the	very	popular	just	passed	Tax	Cuts.	House	Republicans	don’t	let	this	happen.	Pass	the	C.R.	TODAY	and	keep	our	Government	OPEN!																					
hit	BEST	numbers	in	10	years!	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN																																												
just	named	the	most	influential	show	in	news?	You	deserve	it	-	three	great	people!	The	many	Fake	News	Hate	Shows	should	study	your	formula	for	success!																											
Tax	Cuts	which	the	Fake	News	Media	is	desperate	to	write	badly	about	so	as	to	please	their	Democrat	bosses	will	soon	be	kicking	in	and	will	speak	for	themselves.	Companies	are	already	making	big	payments	to	workers.	Dems	want	to	raise	taxes	hate	these	big	Cuts!							
MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/HY353gXV0R																																																	
delivering	HISTORIC	TAX	RELIEF	for	the	American	people!#TaxCutsandJobsAct	https://t.co/lLgATrCh5o																																													
are	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/47k9i4p3J2																																																
like	to	congratulate	@SenateMajLdr	on	having	done	a	fantastic	job	both	strategically	&amp;	politically	on	the	passing	in	the	Senate	of	the	MASSIVE	TAX	CUT	&amp;	Reform	Bill.	I	could	have	not	asked	for	a	better	or	more	talented	partner.	Our	team	will	go	onto	many	more	VICTORIES!						
Cuts	are	so	large	and	so	meaningful	and	yet	the	Fake	News	is	working	overtime	to	follow	the	lead	of	their	friends	the	defeated	Dems	and	only	demean.	This	is	truly	a	case	where	the	results	will	speak	for	themselves	starting	very	soon.	Jobs	Jobs	Jobs!								
States	Senate	just	passed	the	biggest	in	history	Tax	Cut	and	Reform	Bill.	Terrible	Individual	Mandate	(ObamaCare)Repealed.	Goes	to	the	House	tomorrow	morning	for	final	vote.	If	approved	there	will	be	a	News	Conference	at	The	White	House	at	approximately	1:00	P.M.												
Paul	Ryan	Kevin	McCarthy	Kevin	Brady	Steve	Scalise	Cathy	McMorris	Rodgers	and	all	great	House	Republicans	who	voted	in	favor	of	cutting	your	taxes!																														
story	in	the	@washingtonpost	that	I	was	close	to	“rescinding”	the	nomination	of	Justice	Gorsuch	prior	to	confirmation	is	FAKE	NEWS.	I	never	even	wavered	and	am	very	proud	of	him	and	the	job	he	is	doing	as	a	Justice	of	the	U.S.	Supreme	Court.	The	unnamed	sources	don’t	exist!				
the	economy	have	a	long	way	to	go	after	the	Tax	Cut	Bill	is	totally	understood	and	appreciated	in	scope	and	size.	Immediate	expensing	will	have	a	big	impact.	Biggest	Tax	Cuts	and	Reform	EVER	passed.	Enjoy	and	create	many	beautiful	JOBS!												
5000	POINTS	ON	THE	YEAR	FOR	THE	FIRST	TIME	EVER	-	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																							
task	is	to	strengthen	our	families	to	build	up	our	communities	to	serve	our	citizens	and	to	celebrate	AMERICAN	GREATNESS	as	a	shining	example	to	the	world....	https://t.co/ds6tZlgJpA																										
strategy	that	I	announced	today	we	are	declaring	that	AMERICA	is	in	the	game	and	AMERICA	is	DETERMINED	to	WIN!OUR	FOUR	PILLARS	OF	NATIONAL	SECURITY	STRATEGY:	https://t.co/B3POaMVID8																											
Closes	for	the	Dow	so	far	this	year!	We	have	NEVER	had	70	Dow	Records	in	a	one	year	period.	Wow!																																	
Maria	B!	https://t.co/v1UR63CqLK																																																			
Ivanka!	https://t.co/BNGUJG69Ki																																																				
world	watches	we	are	days	away	from	passing	HISTORIC	TAX	CUTS	for	American	families	and	businesses.	It	will	be	the	BIGGEST	TAX	CUT	and	TAX	REFORM	in	the	HISTORY	of	our	country!	https://t.co/EvcAkjuf8w																					
American	People	speak	ALL	OF	US	should	listen.	Just	over	one	year	ago	you	spoke	loud	and	clear.	On	November	8	2016	you	voted	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/3AOv53S0PU																								
past	11	months	I	have	travelled	tens	of	thousands	of	miles	to	visit	13	countries.	I	have	met	with	more	than	100	world	leaders	and	everywhere	I	traveled	it	was	my	highest	privilege	and	greatest	honor	to	represent	the	AMERICAN	PEOPLE!	https://t.co/7SDsEeIhJH												
sympathies	and	most	heartfelt	prayers	are	with	the	victims	of	the	train	derailment	in	Washington	State.	We	are	closely	monitoring	the	situation	and	coordinating	with	local	authorities...	https://t.co/Gyf5BdVm4G																										
and	prayers	are	with	everyone	involved	in	the	train	accident	in	DuPont	Washington.	Thank	you	to	all	of	our	wonderful	First	Responders	who	are	on	the	scene.	We	are	currently	monitoring	here	at	the	White	House.																		
accident	that	just	occurred	in	DuPont	WA	shows	more	than	ever	why	our	soon	to	be	submitted	infrastructure	plan	must	be	approved	quickly.	Seven	trillion	dollars	spent	in	the	Middle	East	while	our	roads	bridges	tunnels	railways	(and	more)	crumble!	Not	for	long!											
will	be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends.																																																	
are	May-00	in	Congressional	Races	this	year.	The	media	refuses	to	mention	this.	I	said	Gillespie	and	Moore	would	lose	(for	very	different	reasons)	and	they	did.	I	also	predicted		“I”	would	win.	Republicans	will	do	well	in	2018	very	well!	@foxandfriends											
a	century	after	conquering	flight	the	#WrightBrothers	continue	to	motivate	&amp;	inspire	Americans	who	never	tire	of	exploration	&amp;	innovation.	This	GREAT	AMERICAN	SPIRIT	can	be	found	in	the	design	of	every	new	supersonic	jet	and	next	generation:	https://t.co/NeKPMgkdg8	https://t.co/pODjl00lAy														
at	Camp	David.	A	very	special	place.	A	lot	of	very	important	work	done.	Heading	back	to	the	@WhiteHouse	now.	https://t.co/cKxlsdr1ut																																	
candidate	I	promised	we	would	pass	a	massive	TAX	CUT	for	the	everyday	working	American	families	who	are	the	backbone	and	the	heartbeat	of	our	country.	Now	we	are	just	days	away...	https://t.co/MADTGUMktX																					
https://t.co/1sH20Hb33x																																																					
will	increase	investment	in	the	American	economy	and	in	U.S.	workers	leading	to	higher	growth	higher	wages	and	more	JOBS!	https://t.co/4GxM8psMU1																																	
two	great	and	hardworking	guys	Corey	Lewandowski	and	David	Bossie	on	the	success	of	their	just	out	book	“Let	Trump	Be	Trump.”	Finally	people	with	real	knowledge	are	writing	about	our	wonderful	and	exciting	campaign!																			
Kevin	we	are	all	proud	of	you!	https://t.co/K6hEEaOxKt																																														
500	and	NASDAQ	close	at	record	highs!	#MAGA	https://t.co/hvqwnqSGuG																																													
was	my	tremendous	honor	to	visit	Marine	Helicopter	Squadron	One	(HMX-1)	at	the	Marine	Corps	Air	Facility	in	Quantico	Virginia.	I	am	honored	to	serve	as	your	Commander-in-Chief.	On	behalf	of	an	entire	Nation	THANK	YOU	for	your	sacrifice	and	service.	We	love	you!	https://t.co/eLOTc7do52									
always	there	for	us	–	THE	MEN	AND	WOMEN	IN	BLUE.Thank	you	to	our	police	thank	you	to	our	sheriffs	and	thank	you	to	our	law	enforcement	families.	God	Bless	you	all	and	GOD	BLESS	AMERICA!	#LESM	https://t.co/9ejiddVL9h																
member	of	the	graduating	class	from	the	National	Academy	at	Quantico	CONGRATULATIONS!	https://t.co/bGT8S33ZLU																																									
my	honor.	THANK	YOU!	https://t.co/1LvqbRQ1bi																																																	
Rose	to	Another	All-Time	High	in	the	Latest	@ShopFloorNAM	Outlook	Survey”	https://t.co/LuV4BMp0Xc																																										
there	were	approximately	20000	pages	in	the	Code	of	Federal	Regulations.	Today	there	are	over	185000	pages	as	seen	in	the	Roosevelt	Room.Today	we	CUT	THE	RED	TAPE!	It	is	time	to	SET	FREE	OUR	DREAMS	and	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/teAVNzjvcx												
are	free	to	thrive	innovate	&amp;	prosper	there	is	no	challenge	too	great	no	task	too	large	&amp;	no	goal	beyond	our	reach.	We	are	a	nation	of	explorers	pioneers	innovators	&amp;	inventors.	We	are	nation	of	people	who	work	hard	dream	big	&amp;	who	never	ever	give	up...	https://t.co/9LVdp6zOgZ				
gathered	in	the	Roosevelt	Room	for	one	single	reason:	to	CUT	THE	RED	TAPE!	For	many	decades	an	ever-growing	maze	of	regs	rules	and	restrictions	has	cost	our	country	trillions	of	dollars	millions	of	jobs	countless	American	factories	&amp;	devastated	entire	industries.	https://t.co/ostXOVnckf											
candidate	I	promised	we	would	pass	a	massive	tax	cut	for	the	everyday	working	Americans.	If	you	make	your	voices	heard	this	moment	will	be	forever	remembered	as	a	great	new	beginning	–	the	dawn	of	a	brilliant	American	future	shining	with	PATRIOTISM	PROSPERITY	AND	PRIDE!	https://t.co/exsBzrlCdw							
Cuts	are	looking	very	good.	All	are	working	hard.	In	the	meantime	the	Stock	Market	hit	another	record	high!																																			
Omarosa	for	your	service!	I	wish	you	continued	success.																																													
night’s	election	proved	anything	it	proved	that	we	need	to	put	up	GREAT	Republican	candidates	to	increase	the	razor	thin	margins	in	both	the	House	and	Senate.																											
than	90%	of	Fake	News	Media	coverage	of	me	is	negative	with	numerous	forced	retractions	of	untrue	stories.	Hence	my	use	of	Social	Media	the	only	way	to	get	the	truth	out.	Much	of	Mainstream	Meadia	has	become	a	joke!	@foxandfriends													
I	originally	endorsed	Luther	Strange	(and	his	numbers	went	up	mightily)	is	that	I	said	Roy	Moore	will	not	be	able	to	win	the	General	Election.		I	was	right!	Roy	worked	hard	but	the	deck	was	stacked	against	him!														
Doug	Jones	on	a	hard	fought	victory.	The	write-in	votes	played	a	very	big	factor	but	a	win	is	a	win.	The	people	of	Alabama	are	great	and	the	Republicans	will	have	another	shot	at	this	seat	in	a	very	short	period	of	time.	It	never	ends!							
of	those	celebrating	#Hanukkah	around	the	world	a	happy	and	healthy	eight	nights	in	the	company	of	those	they	love.	https://t.co/A5W0PDWBxp	https://t.co/D9MVVPq39x																																
is	at	an	All-Time	High	along	with	a	Record	High	Stock	Market.	Unemployment	is	at	a	17	year	low.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	Working	to	pass	MASSIVE	TAX	CUTS	(looking	good).																							
of	Alabama	will	do	the	right	thing.	Doug	Jones	is	Pro-Abortion	weak	on	Crime	Military	and	Illegal	Immigration	Bad	for	Gun	Owners	and	Veterans	and	against	the	WALL.	Jones	is	a	Pelosi/Schumer	Puppet.	Roy	Moore	will	always	vote	with	us.	VOTE	ROY	MOORE!											
Kirsten	Gillibrand	a	total	flunky	for	Chuck	Schumer	and	someone	who	would	come	to	my	office	“begging”	for	campaign	contributions	not	so	long	ago	(and	would	do	anything	for	them)	is	now	in	the	ring	fighting	against	Trump.	Very	disloyal	to	Bill	&amp;	Crooked-USED!										
of	hours	wasted	and	many	millions	of	dollars	spent	the	Democrats	have	been	unable	to	show	any	collusion	with	Russia	-	so	now	they	are	moving	on	to	the	FALSE	accusations	and	fabricated	stories	of	women	who	I	don’t	know	and/or	have	never	met.	FAKE	NEWS!								
story	this	time	in	the	Failing	@nytimes	that	I	watch	8-Apr	hours	of	television	a	day	-	Wrong!		Also	I	seldom	if	ever	watch	CNN	or	MSNBC	both	of	which	I	consider	Fake	News.	I	never	watch	Don	Lemon	who	I	once	called	the	“dumbest	man	on	television!”	Bad	Reporting.			
discussion	of	all	the	purposely	FALSE	and	defamatory	stories	put	out	this	week	by	the	Fake	News	Media.	They	are	out	of	control	-	correct	reporting	means	nothing	to	them.	Major	lies	written	then	forced	to	be	withdrawn	after	they	are	exposed...a	stain	on	America!									
and	closer	on	the	Tax	Cut	Bill.	Shaping	up	even	better	than	projected.	House	and	Senate	working	very	hard	and	smart.	End	result	will	be	not	only	important	but	SPECIAL!																								
going	really	well	for	our	economy	a	subject	the	Fake	News	spends	as	little	time	as	possible	discussing!	Stock	Market	hit	another	RECORD	HIGH	unemployment	is	now	at	a	17	year	low	and	companies	are	coming	back	into	the	USA.	Really	good	news	and	much	more	to	come!						
should	be	separated	from	their	loved	ones	because	of	preventable	crime	committed	by	those	illegally	in	our	country.	Our	cities	should	be	Sanctuaries	for	Americans	–	not	for	criminal	aliens!	https://t.co/CvtkCG1pln																							
-	Navy	Game.	Army	wins	14	to	13	and	brings	home	the	COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S	TROPHY!	Congratulations!																																							
-	Navy	Game.	Army	wins	14	to	13	and	brings	home	the	COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S	TROPHY	(last	time	was	1996).	Wow!	Congratulations!																																		
the	Washington	Post	just	admitted	that	his	picture	was	a	FAKE	(fraud?)	showing	an	almost	empty	arena	last	night	for	my	speech	in	Pensacola	when	in	fact	he	knew	the	arena	was	packed	(as	shown	also	on	T.V.).	FAKE	NEWS	he	should	be	fired.										
put	out	a	phony	photo	of	an	empty	arena	hours	before	I	arrived	@	the	venue	w/	thousands	of	people	outside	on	their	way	in.	Real	photos	now	shown	as	I	spoke.	Packed	house	many	people	unable	to	get	in.	Demand	apology	&amp;	retraction	from	FAKE	NEWS	WaPo!	https://t.co/XAblFGh1ob					
great	game	today	@USArmy	and	@USNavy	-	I	will	be	watching.	We	love	our	U.S.	Military.	On	behalf	of	an	entire	Nation	THANK	YOU	for	your	sacrifice	and	service!	#ArmyNavyGame	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/8m1W9rFwIh																						
my	great	honor	to	celebrate	the	opening	of	two	extraordinary	museums-the	Mississippi	State	History	Museum	&amp;	the	Mississippi	Civil	Rights	Museum.	We	pay	solemn	tribute	to	our	heroes	of	the	past	&amp;	dedicate	ourselves	to	building	a	future	of	freedom	equality	justice	&amp;	peace.	https://t.co/5AkgVpV8aa									
the	great	state	of	Mississippi	at	the	invitation	of	their	popular	and	respected	Governor	@PhilBryantMS.	Look	forward	to	seeing	the	new	Civil	Rights	Museum!																														
is	CNN	THE	MOST	TRUSTED	NAME	IN	NEWS.	Everyone	knows	this	is	not	TRUE	that	this	could	in	fact	be	a	fraud	on	the	American	Public.	There	are	many	outlets	that	are	far	more	trusted	than	Fake	News	CNN.	Their	slogan	should	be	CNN	THE	LEAST	TRUSTED	NAME	IN	NEWS!				
CNN	made	a	vicious	and	purposeful	mistake	yesterday.	They	were	caught	red	handed	just	like	lonely	Brian	Ross	at	ABC	News	(who	should	be	immediately	fired	for	his	“mistake”).	Watch	to	see	if	@CNN	fires	those	responsible	or	was	it	just	gross	incompetence?											
contingent	of	very	enthusiastic	Roy	Moore	fans	at	the	rally	last	night.	We	can’t	have	a	Pelosi/Schumer	Liberal	Democrat	Jones	in	that	important	Alabama	Senate	seat.	Need	your	vote	to	Make	America	Great	Again!	Jones	will	always	vote	against	what	we	must	do	for	our	Country.								
last	night	in	Pensacola	Florida.	Arena	was	packed	to	the	rafters	the	crowd	was	loud	loving	and	really	smart.	They	definitely	get	what’s	going	on.	Thank	you	Pensacola!																										
that	every	American	should	stand	for	the	National	Anthem	and	we	proudly	pledge	allegiance	to	one	NATION	UNDER	GOD!	https://t.co/r2ITtWwfVs																																		
your	land	this	is	your	home	and	it's	your	voice	that	matters	the	most.	So	speak	up	be	heard	and	fight	fight	fight	for	the	change	you've	been	waiting	for	your	entire	life!MERRY	CHRISTMAS	and	THANK	YOU	Pensacola	Florida!	https://t.co/geWGzpzRp6														
at	the	Pensacola	Bay	Center.	Join	me	LIVE	on	@FoxNews	in	10	minutes!	#MAGA	https://t.co/RQFqOkcpNV																																							
way	to	Pensacola	Florida.	See	everyone	soon!	#MAGA	https://t.co/ijwxVSYQ52																																													
rate	remains	at	a	17-year	low	of	4.1%.	The	unemployment	rate	in	manufacturing	dropped	to	2.60%	the	lowest	ever	recorded.	The	unemployment	rate	among	Hispanics	dropped	to	4.70%	the	lowest	ever	recorded...”@SecretaryAcosta	@USDOL	https://t.co/vou28s0yHN																				
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/64a93S07s7																																																			
penalties	against	Wells	Fargo	Bank	for	their	bad	acts	against	their	customers	and	others	will	not	be	dropped	as	has	incorrectly	been	reported	but	will	be	pursued	and	if	anything	substantially	increased.	I	will	cut	Regs	but	make	penalties	severe	when	caught	cheating!											
the	Make	America	Great	Again	Agenda	needs	is	a	Liberal	Democrat	in	Senate	where	we	have	so	little	margin	for	victory	already.	The	Pelosi/Schumer	Puppet	Jones	would	vote	against	us	100%	of	the	time.	He’s	bad	on	Crime	Life	Border	Vets	Guns	&amp;	Military.	VOTE	ROY	MOORE!							
expected	today	in	Pensacola	Florida	for	a	Make	America	Great	Again	speech.	We	have	done	so	much	in	so	short	a	period	of	time...and	yet	are	planning	to	do	so	much	more!	See	you	there!																			
my	campaign	promise	-	others	didn’t!	https://t.co/bYdaOHmPVJ																																															
Melania	and	I	were	thrilled	to	welcome	so	many	wonderful	friends	to	the	@WhiteHouse	–	and	wish	them	all	a	very	#HappyHanukkahhttps://t.co/wyPkpTsP1i	https://t.co/XhNXZSBEC8																															
battlefields	oceans	and	harrowing	skies	of	Europe	and	the	Pacific	throughout	the	war	one	great	battle	cry	could	be	heard	by	America’s	friends	and	foes	alike:“REMEMBER	PEARL	HARBOR.”	https://t.co/dfev02TwIr																									
we	Remember	Pearl	Harbor	it	was	an	incredible	honor	to	be	joined	with	surviving	Veterans	of	the	attack	on	12/7/1941.	They	are	HEROES	and	they	are	living	witnesses	to	American	History.	All	American	hearts	are	filled	with	gratitude	for	their	service	and	their	sacrifice.	https://t.co/x5LDl25o30									
U.S.	flag	flies	at	half-staff	at	the	@WhiteHouse	in	honor	of	National	Pearl	Harbor	Remembrance	Day.	https://t.co/LkXsBx2JF8	https://t.co/ogmpydr5LK																																				
entire	nation	pauses	to	REMEMBER	PEARL	HARBOR—and	the	brave	warriors	who	on	that	day	stood	tall	and	fought	for	America.	God	Bless	our	HEROES	who	wear	the	uniform	and	God	Bless	the	United	States	of	America.	#PearlHarborRemembranceDay🇺🇸	https://t.co/qGhlsPlxtH																
Harbor	Remembrance	Day	-	“A	day	that	will	live	in	infamy!”	December	7	1941																																								
the	new	book	on	Andrew	Jackson	by	Brian	Kilmeade...Really	good.	@foxandfriends																																											
determined	that	it	is	time	to	officially	recognize	Jerusalem	as	the	capital	of	Israel.	I	am	also	directing	the	State	Department	to	begin	preparation	to	move	the	American	Embassy	from	Tel	Aviv	to	Jerusalem...	https://t.co/YwgWmT0O8m																			
live	from	the	@WhiteHouse	via	#Periscopehttps://t.co/wLXKoISSTG																																																
and	prayers	are	with	everyone	in	the	path	of	California’s	wildfires.	I	encourage	everyone	to	heed	the	advice	and	orders	of	local	and	state	officials.	THANK	YOU	to	all	First	Responders	for	your	incredible	work!	https://t.co/g9y9PkB352																		
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
this	Friday	in	Pensacola	Florida	at	the	Pensacola	Bay	Center!	Tickets:	https://t.co/zA7SGgWqBE	https://t.co/QzFdxQdgAL																																									
was	thrilled	to	be	with	so	many	WONDERFUL	friends	in	Utah’s	MAGNIFICENT	Capitol.It	was	my	honor	to	sign	two	Presidential	Proclamations	that	will	modify	the	national	monuments	designations	of	both	Bears	Ears	and	Grand	Staircase	Escalante...https://t.co/jiTHcPovCi	https://t.co/dIpdAUVoRB																	
watch:	Legal	Scholar	Alan	Dershowitz	was	just	on	@foxandfriends	talking	of	what	is	going	on	with	respect	to	the	greatest	Witch	Hunt	in	U.S.	political	history.	Enjoy!																											
great	vote	on	Cutting	Taxes	this	could	be	a	big	day	for	the	Stock	Market	-	and	YOU!																																				
Liberal	Puppet	Jones	into	office	in	Alabama	would	hurt	our	great	Republican	Agenda	of	low	on	taxes	tough	on	crime	strong	on	military	and	borders...&amp;	so	much	more.	Look	at	your	401-k’s	since	Election.	Highest	Stock	Market	EVER!	Jobs	are	roaring	back!												
to	give	even	one	vote	for	massive	Tax	Cuts	is	why	we	need	Republican	Roy	Moore	to	win	in	Alabama.	We	need	his	vote	on	stopping	crime	illegal	immigration	Border	Wall	Military	Pro	Life	V.A.	Judges	2nd	Amendment	and	more.	No	to	Jones	a	Pelosi/Schumer	Puppet!								
FBI	AGENT	LED	CLINTON	EMAIL	PROBE”		Now	it	all	starts	to	make	sense!																																								
lost	money	when	the	Stock	Market	went	down	350	points	based	on	the	FALSE	and	Dishonest	reporting	of	Brian	Ross	of	@ABC	News	(he	has	been	suspended)	should	consider	hiring	a	lawyer	and	suing	ABC	for	the	damages	this	bad	reporting	has	caused	-	many	millions	of	dollars!						
of	Comey	with	the	phony	and	dishonest	Clinton	investigation	(and	more)	running	the	FBI	its	reputation	is	in	Tatters	-	worst	in	History!	But	fear	not	we	will	bring	it	back	to	greatness.																					
very	dishonest?)	FBI	“agent’s	role	in	Clinton	probe	under	review.”	Led	Clinton	Email	probe.	@foxandfriends		Clinton	money	going	to	wife	of	another	FBI	agent	in	charge.																											
total	miscarriage	of	Justice	in	San	Francisco!	https://t.co/MSIkBCKF3t																																														
asked	Comey	to	stop	investigating	Flynn.	Just	more	Fake	News	covering	another	Comey	lie!																																								
@ABC	News	for	suspending	Brian	Ross	for	his	horrendously	inaccurate	and	dishonest	report	on	the	Russia	Russia	Russia	Witch	Hunt.	More	Networks	and	“papers”	should	do	the	same	with	their	Fake	News!																						
in	our	Country	are	asking	what	the	“Justice”	Department	is	going	to	do	about	the	fact	that	totally	Crooked	Hillary	AFTER	receiving	a	subpoena	from	the	United	States	Congress	deleted	and	“acid	washed”	33000	Emails?	No	justice!																	
Flynn	lies	to	the	FBI	and	his	life	is	destroyed	while	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	on	that	now	famous	FBI	holiday	“interrogation”	with	no	swearing	in	and	no	recording	lies	many	times...and	nothing	happens	to	her?	Rigged	system	or	just	a	double	standard?												
First	Lady	Melania!	https://t.co/TRuvaftPcD																																																		
ago	this	week	a	brave	seamstress	in	Montgomery	Alabama	uttered	one	word	that	changed	history...	https://t.co/eOvCBcMIKX																																						
to	fire	General	Flynn	because	he	lied	to	the	Vice	President	and	the	FBI.	He	has	pled	guilty	to	those	lies.	It	is	a	shame	because	his	actions	during	the	transition	were	lawful.	There	was	nothing	to	hide!																
Bill	and	Tax	Cuts	in	history	just	passed	in	the	Senate.	Now	these	great	Republicans	will	be	going	for	final	passage.	Thank	you	to	House	and	Senate	Republicans	for	your	hard	work	and	commitment!																				
one	step	closer	to	delivering	MASSIVE	tax	cuts	for	working	families	across	America.	Special	thanks	to	@SenateMajLdr	Mitch	McConnell	and	Chairman	@SenOrrinHatch	for	shepherding	our	bill	through	the	Senate.	Look	forward	to	signing	a	final	bill	before	Christmas!	https://t.co/gmWTny3SfS															
the	TAX	CUTS	and	JOBS	ACT:“The	enactment	of	a	comprehensive	overhaul	-	complete	with	a	lower	corporate	tax	rate	-	will	IGNITE	our	ECONOMY	with	levels	of	GROWTH	not	SEEN	IN	GENERATIONS...”	https://t.co/2vCBDtLh3C																					
has	been	speculating	that	I	fired	Rex	Tillerson	or	that	he	would	be	leaving	soon	-	FAKE	NEWS!	He’s	not	leaving	and	while	we	disagree	on	certain	subjects	(I	call	the	final	shots)	we	work	well	together	and	America	is	highly	respected	again!https://t.co/FrqiPLFJ1E											
are	working	hard	to	pass	the	biggest	Tax	Cuts	in	the	history	of	our	Country.	The	Bill	is	getting	better	and	better.	This	is	a	once	in	a	generation	chance.	Obstructionist	Dems	trying	to	block	because	they	think	it	is	too	good	and	will	not	be	given	the	credit!					
was	not	told	the	killer	of	Kate	was	a	7	time	felon.	The	Schumer/Pelosi	Democrats	are	so	weak	on	Crime	that	they	will	pay	a	big	price	in	the	2018	and	2020	Elections.																					
Steinle	killer	came	back	and	back	over	the	weakly	protected	Obama	border	always	committing	crimes	and	being	violent	and	yet	this	info	was	not	used	in	court.	His	exoneration	is	a	complete	travesty	of	justice.	BUILD	THE	WALL!																
verdict	in	the	Kate	Steinle	case!	No	wonder	the	people	of	our	Country	are	so	angry	with	Illegal	Immigration.																																			
Story	begins	2000	years	ago	with	a	mother	a	father	their	baby	son	and	the	most	extraordinary	gift	of	all—the	gift	of	God’s	love	for	all	of	humanity.Whatever	our	beliefs	we	know	that	the	birth	of	Jesus	Christ	and	the	story	of	his	life...	https://t.co/P94C3LjWlx									
a	day	that	I’ve	been	looking	very	much	forward	to	ALL	YEAR	LONG.	It	is	one	that	you	have	heard	me	speak	about	many	times	before.	Now	as	President	of	the	United	States	it	is	my	tremendous	honor	to	finally	wish	America	and	the	world	a	very	MERRY	CHRISTMAS!	https://t.co/cTvdlUkfHV				
1K	milestone	of	2017!#DOW24K	#MAGA	https://t.co/NoVt1uFp0y																																																
was	my	great	honor	to	meet	with	the	Crown	Prince	of	Bahrain	at	the	@WhiteHouse.	Bahrain	and	the	United	States	are	important	partners.During	the	Crown	Prince’s	visit	he	is	advancing	$9 	BILLION	in	commercial	deals	including	finalizing	the	purchase	of	F-16’s...	https://t.co/vYuw7UGYmN												
@SenOrrinHatch.	Let’s	continue	MAKING	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/PIv9OAVZcf	https://t.co/6egRvuwj1l																																													
just	broke	24000	for	the	first	time	(another	all-time	Record).	If	the	Dems	had	won	the	Presidential	Election	the	Market	would	be	down	50%	from	these	levels	and	Consumer	Confidence	which	is	also	at	an	all-time	high	would	be	“low	and	glum!”												
hits	new	Record	High.	Confidence	and	enthusiasm	abound.	More	great	numbers	coming	out!																																									
Envoy	who	just	returned	from	North	Korea	seems	to	have	had	no	impact	on	Little	Rocket	Man.	Hard	to	believe	his	people	and	the	military	put	up	with	living	in	such	horrible	conditions.	Russia	and	China	condemned	the	launch.															
@nytimes	has	totally	gone	against	the	Social	Media	Guidelines	that	they	installed	to	preserve	some	credibility	after	many	of	their	biased	reporters	went	Rogue!		@foxandfriends																												
@nytimes	the	pipe	organ	for	the	Democrat	Party	has	become	a	virtual	lobbyist	for	them	with	regard	to	our	massive	Tax	Cut	Bill.	They	are	wrong	so	often	that	now	I	know	we	have	a	winner!																		
hear	the	Democrats	talking	about	the	National	Debt	when	President	Obama	doubled	it	in	only	8	years!																																					
information	(Crooked	Hillary’s	emails)	been	released	there	would	have	been	harm	to	National	Security...."Charles	McCulloughFmr	Intel	Comm	Inspector	General	https://t.co/b0tLW5TVhX																																		
people	who	don’t	like	the	Tax	Cut	Bill	are	the	people	that	don’t	understand	it	or	the	Obstructionist	Democrats	that	know	how	really	good	it	is	and	do	not	want	the	credit	and	success	to	go	to	the	Republicans!															
of	Representatives	seeks	contempt	citations(?)	against	the	JusticeDepartment	and	the	FBI	for	withholding	key	documents	and	an	FBI	witness	which	could	shed	light	on	surveillance	of	associates	of	Donald	Trump.	Big	stuff.	Deep	State.	Give	this	information	NOW!	@FoxNews															
focus	on	me	focus	on	the	destructive	Radical	Islamic	Terrorism	that	is	taking	place	within	the	United	Kingdom.	We	are	doing	just	fine!																															
don’t	focus	on	me	focus	on	the	destructive	Radical	Islamic	Terrorism	that	is	taking	place	within	the	United	Kingdom.	We	are	doing	just	fine!																														
have	a	once	in	a	lifetime	opportunity	to	RESTORE	AMERICAN	PROSPERITY	–	and	RECLAIM	AMERICA’S	DESTINY.But	in	order	to	achieve	this	bright	and	glowing	future	the	SENATE	MUST	PASS	TAX	CUTS	–	and	bring	Main	Street	roaring	back	to	life!https://t.co/jMNwEMrbbr	https://t.co/3Niu0thp1D													
to	CUT	TAXES	is	a	vote	to	PUT	AMERICA	FIRST.	It	is	time	to	take	care	of	OUR	WORKERS	to	protect	OUR	COMMUNITIES	and	to	REBUILD	OUR	GREAT	COUNTRY!	https://t.co/wW3QNxcCHf	https://t.co/sRL2yRK6k2																							
the	Senate	can	join	the	House	&amp;	take	a	strong	stand	for	the	Middle	Class	families	who	are	the	backbone	of	America.	Together	we	will	give	the	American	people	a	big	beautiful	Christmas	present-a	massive	tax	cut	that	lets	Americans	keep	more	of	their	HARD-EARNED	MONEY!	https://t.co/9jddEW2Oo5							
for	St.	Charles	Missouri	to	help	push	our	plan	for	HISTORIC	TAX	CUTS	across	the	finish	line.A	successful	vote	in	the	Senate	this	week	will	bring	us	one	giant	step	closer	to	delivering	an	incredible	victory	for	the	American	people!https://t.co/jR1DEUnm2h	https://t.co/XF9sRwdV8u													
Excluding	hurricane	effects	CEA	estimates	that	real	GDP	growth	would	have	been	3.90%	in	Q3.Stock	market	at	a	new	high	unemployment	at	a	low.	We	are	winning	and	TAX	CUTS	will	shift	our	economy	into	high	gear!	https://t.co/HrKIF72VqE																
to	President	XI	JINPING	of	China	concerning	the	provocative	actions	of	North	Korea.	Additional	major	sanctions	will	be	imposed	on	North	Korea	today.	This	situation	will	be	handled!																										
that	Matt	Lauer	is	gone	when	will	the	Fake	News	practitioners	at	NBC	be	terminating	the	contract	of	Phil	Griffin?	And	will	they	terminate	low	ratings	Joe	Scarborough	based	on	the	“unsolved	mystery”	that	took	place	in	Florida	years	ago?	Investigate!													
tha	Matt	Lauer	is	gone	when	will	the	Fake	News	practitioners	at	NBC	be	terminating	the	contract	of	Phil	Griffin?	And	will	they	terminate	low	ratings	Joe	Scarborough	based	on	the	“unsolved	mystery”	that	took	place	in	Florida	years	ago?	Investigate!													
Lauer	was	just	fired	from	NBC	for	“inappropriate	sexual	behavior	in	the	workplace.”	But	when	will	the	top	executives	at	NBC	&amp;	Comcast	be	fired	for	putting	out	so	much	Fake	News.	Check	out	Andy	Lack’s	past!																	
another	great	day	for	the	Stock	Market.	Consumer	Confidence	is	at	Record	High.	I	guess	somebody	likes	me	(my	policies)!																																		
we	should	boycott	Fake	News	CNN.	Dealing	with	them	is	a	total	waste	of	time!	https://t.co/8zJ3j7g5el																																						
are	in	record	territory	in	all	things	having	to	do	with	our	economy!	https://t.co/VB0Ao3s18d																																								
for	Tax	Cuts	and	the	Republican	Party.	But	the	biggest	Winner	will	be	our	great	Country!																																						
Ivanka!	https://t.co/AQL4JLvnDh																																																				
the	lawsuit	on	leadership	of	Consumer	Financial	Protection	Bureau	CFPB.	A	big	win	for	the	Consumer!																																						
the	respected	fmr	Intel	Comm	Inspector	General	said	public	was	misled	on	Crooked	Hillary	Emails.	“Emails	endangered	National	Security.”	Why	aren’t	our	deep	State	authorities	looking	at	this?	Rigged	&amp;	corrupt?	@TuckerCarlson	@seanhannity																					
Korea	missile	launch	it's	more	important	than	ever	to	fund	our	gov't	&amp;	military!	Dems	shouldn't	hold	troop	funding	hostage	for	amnesty	&amp;	illegal	immigration.	I	ran	on	stopping	illegal	immigration	and	won	big.	They	can't	now	threaten	a	shutdown	to	get	their	demands.										
Board	said	that	consumer	sentiment	was	at	its	highest	level	in	nearly	17	years	in	November.	The	Consumer	Confidence	Index	rose	from	126.2	in	October	to	129.5	notching	its	best	reading	since	December	2000...”	https://t.co/iNOtT3K8Vn																			
500	and	Nasdaq	all	finished	the	day	at	new	RECORD	HIGHS!	https://t.co/wJyB9d00hh																																										
the	Roosevelt	Room	with	@SenateMajLdr	Mitch	McConnell	@SpeakerRyan	and	Secretary	of	Defense	General	James	Mattis.	https://t.co/lZMqK5jBvh																																						
President	Donald	J.	Trump	on	#GivingTuesday”	https://t.co/NrfnmixAwR																																															
“Chuck	and	Nancy”	today	about	keeping	government	open	and	working.	Problem	is	they	want	illegal	immigrants	flooding	into	our	Country	unchecked	are	weak	on	Crime	and	want	to	substantially	RAISE	Taxes.	I	don’t	see	a	deal!																		
great	and	very	hard	working	First	Lady	who	truly	loves	what	she	is	doing	always	thought	that	“if	you	run	you	will	win.”	She	would	tell	everyone	that	“no	doubt	he	will	win.”	I	also	felt	I	would	win	(or	I	would	not	have	run)	-	and	Country	is	doing	great!			
24	players	kneeling	this	weekend	at	NFL	stadiums	that	are	now	having	a	very	hard	time	filling	up.	The	American	public	is	fed	up	with	the	disrespect	the	NFL	is	paying	to	our	Country	our	Flag	and	our	National	Anthem.	Weak	and	out	of	control!									
Rand!	https://t.co/NvPeleVmub																																																				
sales	reach	a	10	year	high.	Stock	Market	has	more	record	gains.	Hopefully	Republican	Senators	will	give	us	the	much	needed	Tax	Cuts	to	keep	it	all	going!	Democrats	want	big	Tax	Increases.																					
Cut	Bill	is	coming	along	very	well	great	support.	With	just	a	few	changes	some	mathematical	the	middle	class	and	job	producers	can	get	even	more	in	actual	dollars	and	savings	and	the	pass	through	provision	becomes	simpler	and	really	works	well!												
news	is	that	their	ratings	are	terrible	nobody	cares!	https://t.co/I7h4Ryin3h																																												
have	a	contest	as	to	which	of	the	Networks	plus	CNN	and	not	including	Fox	is	the	most	dishonest	corrupt	and/or	distorted	in	its	political	coverage	of	your	favorite	President	(me).	They	are	all	bad.	Winner	to	receive	the	FAKE	NEWS	TROPHY!												
D.C.	big	week	for	Tax	Cuts	and	many	other	things	of	great	importance	to	our	Country.		Senate	Republicans	will	hopefully	come	through	for	all	of	us.	The	Tax	Cut	Bill	is	getting	better	and	better.	The	end	result	will	be	great	for	ALL!										
first	day	I	took	office	all	you	hear	is	the	phony	Democrat	excuse	for	losing	the	election	Russia	RussiaRussia.		Despite	this	I	have	the	economy	booming	and	have	possibly	done	more	than	any	10	month	President.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!													
Luther	Strange	in	the	Alabama	Primary.	He	shot	way	up	in	the	polls	but	it	wasn’t	enough.	Can’t	let	Schumer/Pelosi	win	this	race.	Liberal	Jones	would	be	BAD!																										
thing	we	need	in	Alabama	and	the	U.S.	Senate	is	a	Schumer/Pelosi	puppet	who	is	WEAK	on	Crime	WEAK	on	the	Border	Bad	for	our	Military	and	our	great	Vets	Bad	for	our	2nd	Amendment	AND	WANTS	TO	RAISES	TAXES	TO	THE	SKY.	Jones	would	be	a	disaster!						
I	didn’t	realize	we	did	so	much.	Wish	the	Fake	News	would	report!	Thank	you.	https://t.co/ApVbu2b0Jd																																						
MUCH	more	important	in	the	United	States	than	CNN	but	outside	of	the	U.S.	CNN	International	is	still	a	major	source	of	(Fake)	news	and	they	represent	our	Nation	to	the	WORLD	very	poorly.	The	outside	world	does	not	see	the	truth	from	them!										
the	recent	Editorial	in	the	Wall	Street	Journal	@WSJ	about	what	a	complete	disaster	the	@CFPB	has	been	under	its	leader	from	previous	Administration	who	just	quit!																											
Financial	Protection	Bureau	or	CFPB	has	been	a	total	disaster	as	run	by	the	previous	Administrations	pick.	Financial	Institutions	have	been	devastated	and	unable	to	properly	serve	the	public.	We	will	bring	it	back	to	life!																		
great	day	to	support	your	community	and	America’s	JOB	creators	by	shopping	locally	at	a	#SmallBiz.	#ShopSmall	https://t.co/pBQaBHvl7k																																				
called	to	say	that	I	was	PROBABLY	going	to	be	named	“Man	(Person)	of	the	Year”	like	last	year	but	I	would	have	to	agree	to	an	interview	and	a	major	photo	shoot.	I	said	probably	is	no	good	and	took	a	pass.	Thanks	anyway!									
calling	the	President	of	Egypt	in	a	short	while	to	discuss	the	tragic	terrorist	attack	with	so	much	loss	of	life.	We	have	to	get	TOUGHER	AND	SMARTER	than	ever	before	and	we	will.	Need	the	WALL	need	the	BAN!	God	bless	the	people	of	Egypt.								
cowardly	terrorist	attack	on	innocent	and	defenseless	worshipers	in	Egypt.	The	world	cannot	tolerate	terrorism	we	must	defeat	them	militarily	and	discredit	the	extremist	ideology	that	forms	the	basis	of	their	existence!																						
call	I	will	be	heading	over	to	Trump	National	Golf	Club	Jupiter	to	play	golf	(quickly)	with	Tiger	Woods	and	Dustin	Johnson.	Then	back	to	Mar-a-Lago	for	talks	on	bringing	even	more	jobs	and	companies	back	to	the	USA!															
speaking	to	President	Recep	Tayyip	Erdogan	of	Turkey	this	morning	about	bringing	peace	to	the	mess	that	I	inherited	in	the	Middle	East.	I	will	get	it	all	done	but	what	a	mistake	in	lives	and	dollars	(6	trillion)	to	be	there	in	the	first	place!								
believe	that	the	disrespect	for	our	Country	our	Flag	our	Anthem	continues	without	penalty	to	the	players.	The	Commissioner	has	lost	control	of	the	hemorrhaging	league.	Players	are	the	boss!	https://t.co/udXP5MR8BC																							
people!	https://t.co/5cVnMhnmuH																																																				
guy	(with	great	ratings)!	https://t.co/S0S6xqrjSC																																																	
are	going	up	up	up	just	as	I	have	been	predicting	for	two	years.	ObamaCare	is	OWNED	by	the	Democrats	and	it	is	a	disaster.	But	do	not	worry.	Even	though	the	Dems	want	to	Obstruct	we	will	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	right	after	Tax	Cuts!									
honor	to	join	our	incredible	men	and	women	of	the	@USCG	at	the	Lake	Worth	Inlet	Station	in	Riviera	Beach	Florida	today!#HappyThanksgiving	https://t.co/C35HR9opbP																															
https://t.co/nQhi7XopMW																																																					
doing	a	live	Thanksgiving	Video	Teleconference	with	Members	of	the	Military	at	9:00	A.M.		Afghanistan	Iraq	USS	Monterey	Turkey	&amp;	Bahrain.	Then	going	to	Coast	Guard	Quarters	Florida.																									
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																																			
your	Country	is	starting	to	do	really	well.	Jobs	coming	back	highest	Stock	Market	EVER	Military	getting	really	strong	we	will	build	the	WALL	V.A.	taking	care	of	our	Vets	great	Supreme	Court	Justice	RECORD	CUT	IN	REGS	lowest	unemployment	in	17	years....!											
will	get	even	better	with	Tax	Cuts!	https://t.co/75wozGJQoP																																														
long	given	the	order	to	help	Argentina	with	the	Search	and	Rescue	mission	of	their	missing	submarine.	45	people	aboard	and	not	much	time	left.	May	God	be	with	them	and	the	people	of	Argentina!																			
American	to	travel	this	weekend	-	highest	number	in	twelve	years	(AAA).	Traffic	and	airports	are	running	very	smoothly!		@FoxNews																																	
is	conducting	search	and	rescue	following	aircraft	crash.	We	are	monitoring	the	situation.	Prayers	for	all	involved.	https://t.co/1AxmegKqvu																																				
having	meetings	and	working	the	phones	from	the	Winter	White	House	in	Florida	(Mar-a-Lago).	Stock	Market	hit	new	Record	High	yesterday	-	$5.50 	trillion	gain	since	E.	Many	companies	coming	back	to	the	U.S.	Military	building	up	and	getting	very	strong.													
Hillary	Fan!	https://t.co/1LidydhORD																																																			
is	now	thinking	about	a	new	idea	-	keeping	teams	in	the	Locker	Room	during	the	National	Anthem	next	season.	That’s	almost	as	bad	as	kneeling!	When	will	the	highly	paid	Commissioner	finally	get	tough	and	smart?	This	issue	is	killing	your	league!.....											
could	have	spent	the	next	5	to	10	years	during	Thanksgiving	with	your	son	in	China	but	no	NBA	contract	to	support	you.	But	remember	LaVar	shoplifting	is	NOT	a	little	thing.	It’s	a	really	big	deal	especially	in	China.	Ungrateful	fool!												
the	White	House	it	wasn’t	the	State	Department	it	wasn’t	father	LaVar’s	so-called	people	on	the	ground	in	China	that	got	his	son	out	of	a	long	term	prison	sentence	-	IT	WAS	ME.	Too	bad!	LaVar	is	just	a	poor	man’s	version	of	Don	King	but	without	the	hair.	Just	think..		
continued	a	wonderful	American	Tradition	at	the	White	House.	Drumstick	and	Wishbone	will	live	out	their	days	in	the	beautiful	Blue	Ridge	Mountains	at	Gobbler’s	Rest...	https://t.co/fsS8B8f5UR																											
J.	Trump	and	@FLOTUS	Melania	Participate	in	the	Pardoning	of	the	National	Thanksgiving	Turkey	at	the	White	House.	https://t.co/Zauqz4jfWv																																			
Trump	unemployment	rate	will	drop	below	4%.		Analysts	predict	economic	boom	for	2018!		@foxandfriends	and	@Varneyco																																				
of	the	NFL’s	Oakland	Raiders	stands	for	the	Mexican	Anthem	and	sits	down	to	boos	for	our	National	Anthem.	Great	disrespect!	Next	time	NFL	should	suspend	him	for	remainder	of	season.	Attendance	and	ratings	way	down.																		
are	working	very	hard	to	get	Tax	Cuts	and	Tax	Reform	approved.	Hopefully	it	will	not	be	long	and	they	do	not	want	to	disappoint	the	American	public!																										
Officer	killed	at	Southern	Border	another	badly	hurt.	We	will	seek	out	and	bring	to	justice	those	responsible.	We	will	and	must	build	the	Wall!																													
decision	will	be	announced	next	week	but	will	be	very	hard	pressed	to	change	my	mind	that	this	horror	show	in	any	way	helps	conservation	of	Elephants	or	any	other	animal.																							
a	very	big	deal	in	China	as	it	should	be	(5-10	years	in	jail)	but	not	to	father	LaVar.	Should	have	gotten	his	son	out	during	my	next	trip	to	China	instead.	China	told	them	why	they	were	released.	Very	ungrateful!													
Flake(y)	who	is	unelectable	in	the	Great	State	of	Arizona	(quit	race	anemic	polls)	was	caught	(purposely)	on	“mike”	saying	bad	things	about	your	favorite	President.	He’ll	be	a	NO	on	tax	cuts	because	his	political	career	anyway	is	“toast.”														
the	three	basketball	players	are	out	of	China	and	saved	from	years	in	jail	LaVar	Ball	the	father	of	LiAngelo	is	unaccepting	of	what	I	did	for	his	son	and	that	shoplifting	is	no	big	deal.	I	should	have	left	them	in	jail!											
Clinton	is	the	worst	(and	biggest)	loser	of	all	time.	She	just	can’t	stop	which	is	so	good	for	the	Republican	Party.	Hillary	get	on	with	your	life	and	give	it	another	try	in	three	years!																		
game	trophy	decision	on	hold	until	such	time	as	I	review	all	conservation	facts.	Under	study	for	years.	Will	update	soon	with	Secretary	Zinke.	Thank	you!																												
was	an	honor	to	celebrate	the	Collegiate	National	Champions	of	2016/2017	at	the	@WhiteHouse!	#NCAAChampions🏆Photos:	https://t.co/Ecl2phhzyl	https://t.co/w8jE24pLwa																																					
going	to	restore	safety	to	our	streets	and	peace	to	our	communities	and	we're	going	to	destroy	the	vile	criminal	cartel	#MS13	and	many	other	gangs...'Hundreds	arrested	in	MS-13	crackdown'https://t.co/Mp268d8RaU	https://t.co/mrynwnTuoO																							
were	not	such	obstructionists	and	understood	the	power	of	lower	taxes	we	would	be	able	to	get	many	of	their	ideas	into	Bill!																															
on	Stocks	and	the	Economy.	If	we	get	Tax	Cuts	and	Reform	we'll	really	see	some	great	results!																																				
think	that	just	last	week	he	was	lecturing	anyone	who	would	listen	about	sexual	harassment	and	respect	for	women.	Lesley	Stahl	tape?																																
Frankenstien	picture	is	really	bad	speaks	a	thousand	words.	Where	do	his	hands	go	in	pictures	2	3	4	5	&amp;	6	while	she	sleeps?	.....																												
today	in	the	House	for	GOP	Tax	Cuts	and	Reform	227-205.	Zero	Dems	they	want	to	raise	taxes	much	higher	but	not	for	our	military!																													
the	House	of	Representatives	for	passing	the	#TaxCutsandJobsAct	—	a	big	step	toward	fulfilling	our	promise	to	deliver	historic	TAX	CUTS	for	the	American	people	by	the	end	of	the	year!	https://t.co/8FjefMj6hh																						
on	the	UN	Security	Council	to	vote	to	renew	the	Joint	Investigative	Mechanism	for	Syria	to	ensure	that	Assad	Regime	does	not	commit	mass	murder	with	chemical	weapons	ever	again.																								
sending	an	Envoy	and	Delegation	to	North	Korea	-	A	big	move	we'll	see	what	happens!																																						
possible	and	HAVE	A	GREAT	LIFE!	Be	careful	there	are	many	pitfalls	on	the	long	and	winding	road	of	life!																																		
three	UCLA	basketball	players	I	say:		You're	welcome	go	out	and	give	a	big	Thank	You	to	President	Xi	Jinping	of	China	who	made.....																													
tomorrow	in	the	House.	Tax	cuts	are	getting	close!																																													
Democrats	fighting	massive	tax	cuts	for	the	middle	class	and	business	(jobs)?	The	reason:	Obstruction	and	Delay!																																					
actually	hard	to	believe	how	naive	(or	dumb)	the	Failing	@nytimes	is	when	it	comes	to	foreign	policy...weak	and	ineffective!																																		
realize	that	these	relationships	are	a	good	thing	not	a	bad	thing.	The	U.S.	is	being	respected	again.	Watch	Trade!																																		
@nytimes	hates	the	fact	that	I	have	developed	a	great	relationship	with	World	leaders	like	Xi	Jinping	President	of	China.....																																		
think	the	three	UCLA	Basketball	Players	will	say	thank	you	President	Trump?	They	were	headed	for	10	years	in	jail!																																		
https://t.co/EQMwv1XbiM																																																					
working	hard!	https://t.co/TmNdNPBJ3m																																																			
the	Philippines	I	was	forced	to	watch	@CNN	which	I	have	not	done	in	months	and	again	realized	how	bad	and	FAKE	it	is.	Loser!																													
be	showing	much	of	our	successful	trip	to	Asia	and	the	friendships	&amp;	benefits	that	will	endure	for	years	to	come!																																	
country	is	respected	again	in	Asia.	You	will	see	the	fruits	of	our	long	but	successful	trip	for	many	years	to	come!																																
from	Asia	after	12	very	successful	days.	Great	to	be	home!																																											
be	with	the	people	of	Sutherland	Springs	Texas.	The	FBI	and	Law	Enforcement	has	arrived.																																							
ASIA!	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/FziKSbrzcu																																																			
to	the	amazing	staff	and	their	families	of	the	United	States	Embassy	in	the	Philippines.	Keep	up	the	GREAT	WORK!	https://t.co/3ABVXTsJM0																																	
the	most	accurate	polls	last	time	around.	But	#FakeNews	likes	to	say	we’re	in	the	30’s.	They	are	wrong.	Some	people	think	numbers	could	be	in	the	50's.	Together	WE	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/YhrwkdObhP																		
be	making	a	major	statement	from	the	@WhiteHouse	upon	my	return	to	D.C.	Time	and	date	to	be	set.																																			
at	#ASEAN50	in	the	Philippines	for	my	final	stop	with	World	Leaders.	Will	lead	to	FAIR	TRADE	DEALS	unlike	the	horror	shows	from	past	Administrations.	Will	then	be	leaving	for	D.C.	Made	many	good	friends!																			
tour	of	Asia	all	Countries	dealing	with	us	on	TRADE	know	that	the	rules	have	changed.	The	United	States	has	to	be	treated	fairly	and	in	a	reciprocal	fashion.	The	massive	TRADE	deficits	must	go	down	quickly!																	
see	@RandPaul	looking	well	and	back	on	the	Senate	floor.	He	will	help	us	with	TAX	CUTS	and	REFORM!																																			
be	heading	home	to	see	the	House	pass	a	GREAT	Tax	Bill	with	the	middle	class	getting	big	TAX	CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸																																		
proud	of	the	Rep.	House	&amp;	Senate	for	working	so	hard	on	cutting	taxes	{&amp;	reform.}	We’re	getting	close!	Now	how	about	ending	the	unfair	&amp;	highly	unpopular	Indiv	Mandate	in	OCare	&amp;	reducing	taxes	even	further?	Cut	top	rate	to	35%	w/all	of	the	rest	going	to	middle	income	cuts?			
announce	I	am	nominating	Alex	Azar	to	be	the	next	HHS	Secretary.	He	will	be	a	star	for	better	healthcare	and	lower	drug	prices!																														
leaving	the	Philippines	tomorrow	after	many	days	of	constant	mtgs	&amp;	work	in	order	to	#MAGA!	My	promises	are	rapidly	being	fulfilled.																																
of	bilateral	meetings	at	#ASEANSummit	on	trade	which	we	are	turning	around	to	be	great	deals	for	our	country!	https://t.co/2ahAvm4n9s																																		
https://t.co/TD0rYcWN8C																																																					
a	wonderful	visit	to	Vietnam	thank	you	President	Tran	Dai	Quang!	Heading	to	the	#ASEANSummit	50th	Anniv	Gala	in	the	Philippines	now.	https://t.co/WfSd8EE3Nm																															
in	the	Philippines	after	a	great	day	of	meetings	and	events	in	Hanoi	Vietnam!	https://t.co/YxHRNhhPWo																																							
in	the	Philippines	after	a	great	day	of	meetings	and	events	in	Hanoi	Vietnam!																																								
Kim	Jong-un	insult	me	by	calling	me	old	when	I	would	NEVER	call	him	short,and,fat?	Oh	well	I	try	so	hard	to	be	his	friend	-	and	maybe	someday	that	will	happen!																						
Fake	News	Media	remember	when	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	as	Secretary	of	State	was	begging	Russia	to	be	our	friend	with	the	misspelled	reset	button?	Obama	tried	also	but	he	had	zero	chemistry	with	Putin.																				
all	the	haters	and	fools	out	there	realize	that	having	a	good	relationship	with	Russia	is	a	good	thing	not	a	bad	thing.	There	always	playing	politics	-	bad	for	our	country.	I	want	to	solve	North	Korea	Syria	Ukraine	terrorism	and	Russia	can	greatly	help!								
President	Putin	of	Russia	who	was	at	#APEC	meetings.	Good	discussions	on	Syria.	Hope	for	his	help	to	solve	along	with	China	the	dangerous	North	Korea	crisis.	Progress	being	made.																								
doing	a	joint	press	conference	in	Hanoi	Vietnam	then	heading	for	final	destination	of	trip	the	Phillipines.																																					
of	China	has	stated	that	he	is	upping	the	sanctions	against	#NoKo.	Said	he	wants	them	to	denuclearize.	Progress	is	being	made.																																
Commemorating	the	50th	Anniversary	of	the	Vietnam	War”	➡️https://t.co/hgUQP9leqK	➡️https://t.co/9C0yyIv9Ws	https://t.co/f9snmRUA4a																																											
wonderful	Veterans	Day	I	want	to	express	the	incredible	gratitude	of	the	entire	American	Nation	to	our	GREAT	VETERANS.	Thank	you!	https://t.co/GhQbCA7yII																																
of	an	entire	nation	Happy	242nd	Birthday	to	the	men	and	women	of	the	United	States	Marines!#USMC242	#SemperFi	https://t.co/ecgoSJP5Uc																																			
States	has	been	reminded	time	and	again	in	recent	years	that	economic	security	is	not	merely	RELATED	to	national	security	-	economic	security	IS	national	security.	It	is	vital	to	our	national	strength.	#APEC2017	https://t.co/8gKQUhit2X																			
States	has	been	reminded	time	and	again	in	recent	years	that	economic	security	is	not	merely	RELATED	to	national	security	#NAME?	security	IS	national	security.	It	is	vital	to	our	national	strength.	#APEC2017	https://t.co/mGPeyZEyqm																				
States	is	prepared	to	work	with	each	of	the	leaders	in	this	room	today	to	achieve	mutually	beneficial	commerce	that	is	in	the	interests	of	both	your	countries	and	mine.	That	is	the	message	I	am	here	to	deliver	today.	#APEC2017	https://t.co/CM3Hqt16A8												
am	here	to	offer	a	renewed	partnership	with	America	--	to	work	together	to	strengthen	the	bonds	of	friendship	and	commerce	between	all	of	the	nations	of	the	Indo-Pacific	and	together	to	promote	our	prosperity	and	security.	#APEC2017	https://t.co/gN2YbS9CYB															
and	more	places	throughout	this	region	citizens	of	SOVEREIGN	and	INDEPENDENT	nations	have	taken	greater	control	of	their	destinies	and	unlocked	the	potential	of	their	people.	#APEC2017	https://t.co/a570IIGe0I																										
travels	I've	had	the	pleasure	of	sharing	the	good	news	from	America.	I've	had	the	honor	of	sharing	our	vision	for	a	free	&amp;	open	Indo-Pacific	--	a	place	where	sovereign	&amp;	independent	nations	w/diverse	cultures	&amp;	many	different	dreams	can	all	prosper	side-by-side.	https://t.co/qBOCY3u7YV									
in	Da	Nang	Vietnam	to	deliver	a	speech	at	#APEC2017																																												
leaving	China	for	#APEC2017	in	Vietnam.	@FLOTUS	Melania	is	staying	behind	to	see	the	zoo	and	of	course	the	Great	WALL	of	China	before	going	to	Alaska	to	greet	our	AMAZING	troops.																						
with	President	Xi	Jinping	were	very	productive	on	both	trade	and	the	subject	of	North	Korea.	He	is	a	highly	respected	and	powerful	representative	of	his	people.	It	was	great	being	with	him	and	Madame	Peng	Liyuan!																	
blame	China	I	blame	the	incompetence	of	past	Admins	for	allowing	China	to	take	advantage	of	the	U.S.	on	trade	leading	up	to	a	point	where	the	U.S.	is	losing	$100's	of	billions.	How	can	you	blame	China	for	taking	advantage	of	people	that	had	no	clue?	I	would've	done	same!			
coming	months	and	years	ahead	I	look	forward	to	building	an	even	STRONGER	relationship	between	the	United	States	and	China.	🇺🇸🇨🇳	https://t.co/mK3SB7t3EV																																
thank	you	for	such	an	incredible	welcome	ceremony.	It	was	a	truly	memorable	and	impressive	display!	📸https://t.co/J9x51h1LBe	https://t.co/g4Z7mO5cV9																																				
all	of	the	”DEPLORABLES”	and	the	millions	of	people	who	gave	us	a	MASSIVE	(304-227)	Electoral	College	landslide	victory!	https://t.co/7ifv5gT7Ur																																		
to	a	full	day	of	meetings	with	President	Xi	and	our	delegations	tomorrow.	THANK	YOU	for	the	beautiful	welcome	China!	@FLOTUS	Melania	and	I	will	never	forget	it!	https://t.co/sQoUWIGAiQ																									
interpreted	America's	past	restraint	as	weakness.	This	would	be	a	fatal	miscalculation.	Do	not	underestimate	us.	AND	DO	NOT	TRY	US.	https://t.co/4llqLrNpK3																																
of	@FLOTUS	Melania	and	I	THANK	YOU	for	an	unforgettable afternoon	and	evening at	the Forbidden	City	in	Beijing	President	Xi	and	Madame	Peng	Liyuan.	We	are	looking	forward	to	rejoining	you	tomorrow	morning!	https://t.co/ma0F7SHbVU																						
Korea	now	heading	to	China.	Looking	very	much	forward	to	meeting	and	being	with	President	Xi!																																						
dream	of	a	Korea	that	is	free	a	peninsula	that	is	safe	and	families	that	are	reunited	once	again!	https://t.co/9tsZRCC83j																																		
doubts	the	strength	or	determination	of	the	U.S.	should	look	to	our	past....and	you	will	doubt	it	no	longer.	https://t.co/zyuYc0fIH6																																		
Korean	regime	has	pursued	its	nuclear	&amp;	ballistic	missile	programs	in	defiance	of	every	assurance	agreement	&amp;	commmitment	it	has	made	to	the	U.S.	and	its	allies.	It's	broken	all	of	those	commitments...	https://t.co/xJ4jUpA8d8																				
under	my	administration	is	completely	rebuilding	its	military	and	they're	spending	hundreds	of	billions	of	dollars	to	the	newest	and	finest	military	equipment	anywhere	in	the	world	being	built	right	now.	I	want	peace	through	strength!	https://t.co/2YXkIvRIFi																	
LIVE	in	South	Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷#NationalAssembly	#POTUSinAsia	➡️https://t.co/M3iEhPdkas	https://t.co/hSxdtd2UnY																																															
worked	hard	but	did	not	embrace	me	or	what	I	stand	for.	Don’t	forget	Republicans	won	4	out	of	4	House	seats	and	with	the	economy	doing	record	numbers	we	will	continue	to	win	even	bigger	than	before!																
to	make	a	major	speech	to	the	National	Assembly	here	in	South	Korea	then	will	be	headed	to	China	where	I	very	much	look	forward	to	meeting	with	President	Xi	who	is	just	off	his	great	political	victory.																
to	all	Americans	who	participated	in	Nat'l	Rx	Drug	Take	Back	Day.	A	record	amount	of	drugs	collected	&amp;	disposed.	We	can	do	this!																														
a	great	photo.	HAPPY	99th	BIRTHDAY	to	your	father	@BillyGraham!	https://t.co/l0c7RvvOa1																																											
totally	turn	around	the	high	crime	and	poor	economic	performance	of	VA.	MS-13	and	crime	will	be	gone.	Vote	today	ASAP!																																	
been	horrible	on	Virginia	economy.	Vote	@EdWGillespie	today!																																														
will	allow	crime	to	be	rampant	in	Virginia.	He’s	weak	on	crime	weak	on	our	GREAT	VETS	Anti-Second	Amendment....																																			
Working	very	hard	on	TAX	CUTS	for	the	middle	class	companies	and	jobs!																																									
hit	yet	another	all-time	record	high	yesterday.	There	is	great	confidence	in	the	moves	that	my	Administration....																																					
to	President	Moon	of	South	Korea	for	the	beautiful	welcoming	ceremony.	It	will	always	be	remembered.	https://t.co/bMvJz1iV2a																																					
my	great	honor	to	have	lunch	with	our	INCREDIBLE	U.S.	and	ROK	troops	at	Camp	Humphreys	in	South	Korea.	🇺🇸🇰🇷	https://t.co/5NJirz4iNM	https://t.co/kNLyONhBCC																																
those	they	are	harshly	treating	have	been	“milking”	their	country	for	years!																																										
great	confidence	in	King	Salman	and	the	Crown	Prince	of	Saudi	Arabia	they	know	exactly	what	they	are	doing....																																			
to	leave	for	South	Korea	and	meetings	with	President	Moon	a	fine	gentleman.	We	will	figure	it	all	out!																																			
to	Japan	and	friendship	with	PM	Abe	will	yield	many	benefits	for	our	great	Country.	Massive	military	&amp;	energy	orders	happening+++!																																	
of	Virginia	economy	under	Democrat	rule	has	been	terrible.	If	you	vote	Ed	Gillespie	tomorrow	it	will	come	roaring	back!																																		
https://t.co/EvxFqAVnFS																																																					
what	we	do	best:	we	pull	together.	We	join	hands.	We	lock	arms	and	through	the	tears	and	the	sadness	we	stand	strong...	https://t.co/qkCPgtKGkA																														
be	w/	the	people	of	Sutherland	Springs	Texas.	The	FBI	&amp;	law	enforcement	are	on	the	scene.	I	am	monitoring	the	situation	from	Japan.																														
the	12	days	with	great	negotiating	strength	because	of	our	tremendous	economy.	https://t.co/4HnXkR3EhW																																									
a	TRUE	honor	to	be	at	Yokota	Air	Base	with	our	GREAT	@USForcesJapan!	https://t.co/KEXnIkkQks																																								
with	Prime	Minister	Abe	and	Hideki	Matsuyama	two	wonderful	people!	https://t.co/vYLULe0o2K																																											
a	speech	to	the	great	men	and	women	at	Yokota	Air	Base	in	Tokyo	Japan.	Leaving	to	see	Prime	Minister	Abe.	https://t.co/6LRAgojvDB																																
landing	shortly.	Can’t	wait	to	be	with	our	GREAT	MILITARY.	See	you	soon!	https://t.co/AVLrrOxmm4																																								
much	appreciate	Saudi	Arabia	doing	their	IPO	of	Aramco	with	the	New	York	Stock	Exchange.	Important	to	the	United	States!																																		
down	to	4.10%	lowest	in	17	years.	1.5	million	new	jobs	created	since	I	took	office.	Highest	stock	Market	ever	up	$5.40 	trill																															
to	our	GREAT	Military/Veterans	and	@PacificCommand.Remember	#PearlHarbor.	Remember	the	@USSArizona!A	day	I’ll	never	forget.	https://t.co/CMkB0kTkSc																																							
for	such	a	beautiful	welcome	Hawaii.	My	great	honor	to	visit	@PacificCommand	upon	arrival.	Heading	to	Pearl	Harbor	w/	@FLOTUS	now.	https://t.co/6gDME9cmnS																																
to	land	in	Hawaii.	Looking	so	much	forward	to	meeting	with	our	great	Military/Veterans	at	Pearl	Harbor!																																					
on	Sergeant	Bergdahl	is	a	complete	and	total	disgrace	to	our	Country	and	to	our	Military.																																						
JOBS!	https://t.co/twUNktGbnb																																																				
Dem	Primary	one	of	the	biggest	political	stories	in	years	got	ZERO	coverage	on	Fake	News	Network	TV	last	night.	Disgraceful!																																	
off	for	ceremony	@	Pearl	Harbor.	Will	then	be	heading	to	Japan	SKorea	China	Vietnam	&amp;	the	Philippines.	Will	never	let	you	down!																															
felt	I	would	be	running	and	winning	against	Bernie	Sanders	not	Crooked	H	without	cheating	I	was	right.																																				
supporters	have	every	right	to	be	apoplectic	of	the	complete	theft	of	the	Dem	primary	by	Crooked	Hillary!																																				
that	the	Military	has	hit	ISIS	much,harder	over	the	last	two	days.	They	will	pay	a	big	price	for	every	attack	on	us!																															
claimed	the	Degenerate	Animal	who	killed	and	so	badly	wounded	the	wonderful	people	on	the	West	Side	was	their,soldier.	.....																																		
stated	that	the	Democrats	lead	by	the	legendary	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	rigged	the	Primaries!	Lets	go	FBI	&amp;	Justice	Dept.																																		
story	on	Collusion	is	in	Donna	B's	new	book.	Crooked	Hillary	bought	the	DNC	&amp;	then	stole	the	Democratic	Primary	from	Crazy	Bernie!																															
angry.		At	some	point	the	Justice	Department	and	the	FBI	must	do	what	is	right	and	proper.	The	American	public	deserves	it!																															
B	book	says	she	paid	for	and	stole	the	Dem	Primary.	What	about	the	deleted	E-mails	Uranium	Podesta	the	Server	plus	plus...																																
asking	why	the	Justice	Department	(and	FBI)	isn't	looking	into	all	of	the	dishonesty	going	on	with	Crooked	Hillary	&amp;	the	Dems..																																
account	was	taken	down	for	11	minutes	by	a	rogue	employee.	I	guess	the	word	must	finally	be	getting	out-and	having	an	impact.																															
be	interviewed	by	@IngrahamAngle	on	@FoxNews	at	10:00	Enjoy!																																													
opening	statement	about	our	once	cherished	and	great	FBI	was	so	sad	to	watch.	James	Comey's	leadership	was	a	disaster!																																		
real	collusion	and	dishonesty.	Major	violation	of	Campaign	Finance	Laws	and	Money	Laundering	-	where	is	our	Justice	Department?																																			
just	stated	the	DNC	RIGGED	the	system	to	illegally	steal	the	Primary	from	Bernie	Sanders.	Bought	and	paid	for	by	Crooked	H....																																
Cut	rollout	today.	The	lobbyists	are	storming	Capital	Hill	but	the	Republicans	will	hold	strong	and	do	what	is	right	for	America!																																
was	my	pleasure	and	great	honor	to	announce	my	nomination	of	Jerome	Powell	to	be	the	next	Chairman	of	the	@FederalReserve.	https://t.co/6aDuRy3zws																																
to	America=$20	BILLION	of	annual	rev	into	U.S.A.	$3+	BILLION/yr.	in	research/engineering	&amp;	$6 	BILLION/yr.	in	manufacturing.	https://t.co/NsJ4PtVTtl																																				
are	thrilled	to	welcome	@Broadcom	CEO	Hock	Tan	to	the	WH	to	announce	he	is	moving	their	HQ’s	from	Singapore	back	to	the	U.S.A.....	https://t.co/WrqUXBndyZ																													
end	chain	migration	so	that	we	can	have	a	system	that	is	SECURITY	BASED!	We	need	to	make	AMERICA	SAFE!	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/d7L1YW5iVY																																
calling	on	Congress	to	TERMINATE	the	diversity	visa	lottery	program	that	presents	significant	vulnerabilities	to	our	national	security.	https://t.co/tW4wOlI4vu																																			
the	Houston	@Astros	2017	#WorldSeries	Champions⚾️#HoustonStrong	#EarnHistory	https://t.co/BP7OEzdhFi																																														
also	something	appropriate	about	keeping	him	in	the	home	of	the	horrible	crime	he	committed.	Should	move	fast.	DEATH	PENALTY!																																		
to	send	the	NYC	terrorist	to	Guantanamo	but	statistically	that	process	takes	much	longer	than	going	through	the	Federal	system...																																		
was	happy	as	he	asked	to	hang	ISIS	flag	in	his	hospital	room.	He	killed	8	people	badly	injured	12	SHOULD	GET	DEATH	PENALTY!																														
w/	@Cabinet	today.	Tomorrow	I	will	be	announcing	the	new	head	of	the	Fed.	I	think	you	will	be	extremely	impressed	by	this	person!	https://t.co/5ASJVLGAiG																													
to	@garyplayer	a	truly	great	Champion	and	Person!																																														
finally	happening	for	our	great	clean	coal	miners!	https://t.co/suAnjs6Ccz																																													
States	will	be	immediately	implementing	much	tougher	Extreme	Vetting	Procedures.	The	safety	of	our	citizens	comes	first!																																					
to	President	Macri	of	Argentina	about	the	five	proud	and	wonderful	men	killed	in	the	West	Side	terror	attack.	God	be	with	them!																															
must	end	now!	Some	people	come	in	and	they	bring	their	whole	family	with	them	who	can	be	truly	evil.	NOT	ACCEPTABLE!	https://t.co/PQGeTTdRtX																															
...and	Appeals	Court	Judges	at	a	record	clip!	Our	courts	are	rapidly	changing	for	the	better!																																						
@SenateMajLdr	McConnell	and	the	@SenateGOP	we	are	appointing	high-quality	Federal	District...																																											
to	the	GREAT	NYPD	First	Responders	and	all	govt	officials	for	having	handled	the	terrible	West	Side	attack	so	professionally!	https://t.co/imPIdOzjAn																																	
...fully	supports	any	and	all	of	their	efforts	with	respect	to	the	West	Side	attack.	#NYCStrong																																						
with	@NYGovCuomo	and	@NYCMayor	de	Blasio	to	let	them	know	that	the	federal	government...																																								
the	horrifying	terrorist	attack	in	NYC.	All	of	America	is	praying	and	grieving	for	the	families	who	lost	their	precious	loved	ones.	https://t.co/WZFHXoJE3K																															
Middle	Class.	The	House	and	Senate	should	consider	ASAP	as	the	process	of	final	approval	moves	along.	Push	Biggest	Tax	Cuts	EVER																																
be	great	to	Repeal	the	very	unfair	and	unpopular	Individual	Mandate	in	ObamaCare	and	use	those	savings	for	further	Tax	Cuts.....																																	
https://t.co/6K3Xw5P87d																																																					
Col.Tony	Shaffer.	We	will	stop	this	craziness!		@foxandfriends																																													
fighting	hard	for	Merit	Based	immigration	no	more	Democrat	Lottery	Systems.	We	must	get	MUCH	tougher	(and	smarter).		@foxandfriends																																		
came	into	our	country	through	what	is	called	the	Diversity,Visa,Lottery,Program	a	Chuck	Schumer	beauty.	I	want	merit	based.																																				
just	ordered	Homeland	Security	to	step	up	our	already	Extreme	Vetting	Program.	Being	politically	correct	is	fine	but	not	for	this!																																	
House	members	are	working	hard	(and	late)	toward	the	Massive	Tax	Cuts	that	they	know	you	deserve.	These	will	be	biggest	ever!																																
condolences	and	prayers	to	the	victims	and	families	of	the	New	York	City	terrorist	attack.	God	and	your	country	are	with	you!																																
not	allow	ISIS	to	return	or	enter	our	country	after	defeating	them	in	the	Middle	East	and	elsewhere.	Enough!																																			
looks	like	another	attack	by	a	very	sick	and	deranged	person.	Law	enforcement	is	following	this	closely.	NOT	IN	THE	U.S.A.!																																	
PRODUCTIONUp📈7.8%	past	year.	Down📉31.5%	last	10	years.	#EndingWarOnCoal	https://t.co/xr20OBb2DV																																													
Reach	New	All-Time	Highs	in	August”	Read	more:	https://t.co/XzJiZgGQ8R	https://t.co/STBtR6mO2j																																												
more:	https://t.co/w7WkcobFun	https://t.co/nLo5XCnuIx																																																			
a	safe	and	Happy	Halloween!#Halloween2017	https://t.co/BRpgXVRI8Y																																																
@LuisRiveraMarin!	https://t.co/BK7sDv9phU																																																				
President	Trump	on	the	Apprehension	of	Mustafa	al-Imam	for	His	Alleged	Role	in	Benghazi	Attacks”	https://t.co/2U7WJmfGlM																																						
He	and	his	brother	could	Drain	The	Swamp	which	would	be	yet	another	campaign	promise	fulfilled.	Fake	News	weak!																																			
story	yesterday	the	one	that	has	the	Dems	in	a	dither	is	Podesta	running	from	his	firm.	What	he	know	about	Crooked	Dems	is....																														
people	will	start	to	focus	on	our	Massive	Tax	Cuts	for	Business	(jobs)	and	the	Middle	Class	(in	addition	to	Democrat	corruption)!																																
the	campaign.	Few	people	knew	the	young	low	level	volunteer	named	George	who	has	already	proven	to	be	a	liar.	Check	the	DEMS!																															
News	is	working	overtime.	As	Paul	Manaforts	lawyer	said	there	was	no,collusion	and	events	mentioned	took	place	long	before	he...																																		
is	NO	COLLUSION!																																																			
this	is	years	ago	before	Paul	Manafort	was	part	of	the	Trump	campaign.	But	why	aren't	Crooked	Hillary	&amp;	the	Dems	the	focus?????																															
by	MichaelCaputo	on	@foxandfriends.																																																		
that	Obama	Campaign	paid	$972,000 	to	Fusion	GPS.	The	firm	also	got	$12,400,000 	(really?)	from	DNC.	Nobody	knows	who	OK'd!																																		
this	Russia	talk	right	when	the	Republicans	are	making	their	big	push	for	historic	Tax	Cuts	&amp;	Reform.	Is	this	coincidental?	NOT!																																
fighting	back	like	never	before.	There	is	so	much	GUILT	by	Democrats/Clinton	and	now	the	facts	are	pouring	out.	DO	SOMETHING!																																	
doesn't	exist.	The	Dems	are	using	this	terrible	(and	bad	for	our	country)	Witch	Hunt	for	evil	politics	but	the	R's...																																	
to	Russia	deal	the		33000	plus	deleted	Emails	the	Comey	fix	and	so	much	more.	Instead	they	look	at	phony	Trump/Russia....																																
such	Republican	ANGER	&amp;	UNITY	as	I	have	concerning	the	lack	of	investigation	on	Clinton	made	Fake	Dossier	(now	$12000000?)....																																		
the	ObamaCare	premiums	will	be	up	(the	Dems	own	it)	but	we	will	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	and	have	great	Healthcare	soon	after	Tax	Cuts!																														
are	released	long	ahead	of	schedule!																																																
at	all	presidential	I	must	point	out	that	the	Sloppy	Michael	Moore	Show	on	Broadway	was	a	TOTAL	BOMB	and	was	forced	to	close.	Sad!																													
to	all	of	our	HEROES	out	there.	We	are	forever	grateful	to	you	for	your	service	sacrifice	and	courage	24/7/365!	https://t.co/vOcTlyOeyw																																	
to	put	any	and	all	conspiracy	theories	to	rest.																																													
any	mentioned	person	who	is	still	living.	I	am	doing	this	for	reasons	of	full	disclosure	transparency	and...																																				
consultation	with	General	Kelly	the	CIA	and	other	Agencies	I	will	be	releasing	ALL	#JFKFiles	other	than	the	names	and...																																		
National	Prescription	Drug	Take	Back	Day.	Everyone	can	help	fight	the	#OpioidEpidemic	by	participating!	https://t.co/ONObTWOaOn	https://t.co/CYG11DnxH7																																						
the	nice	remarks	by	President	Jimmy	Carter	about	me	and	how	badly	I	am	treated	by	the	press	(Fake	News).	Thank	you	Mr.	President!																														
reporting	about	the	GREAT	GDP	numbers	announced	yesterday	(3.0	despite	the	big	hurricane	hits).	Best	consecutive	Q's	in	years!																																			
Team	Hillary	played	the	press	for	fools	on	Russia”➡️https://t.co/GqpIidk017NOW	WE	KNOW!	https://t.co/SgWL1HZmkI																																										
																																																					
@TheLeeGreenwood!#FlashbackFriday	https://t.co/MCrMK6Eurm																																																				
anxiously	awaiting	my	decision	as	to	who	the	next	head	of	the	Fed	will	be....🎥https://t.co/PEj1KNYcAO																																							
Wallace:	“More	evidence	of	Dem	collusion	with	Russia	than	GOP”	https://t.co/nACQerJSiu																																											
inspired	by	the	stories	of	everyday	heroes	who	pull	their	communities	from	the	depths	of	despair	through	leadership	and	love.	https://t.co/DL3oan4Fm7																																	
of	Tennessee	the	highly	respected	House	Budget	Committee	Chairwoman	did	a	GREAT	job	in	passing	Budget	setting	up	big	Tax	Cuts																																	
@FLGovScott.	https://t.co/rgdU9plvFK																																																				
now	commonly	agreed	after	many	months	of	COSTLY	looking	that	there	was	NO	collusion	between	Russia	and	Trump.	Was	collusion	with	HC!																																
to	the	great	@TheLeeGreenwood.	You	and	your	beautiful	song	have	made	such	a	difference.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																				
are	being	carefully	released.	In	the	end	there	will	be	great	transparency.	It	is	my	hope	to	get	just	about	everything	to	public!																															
to	the	great	@leegreenwood83.	You	and	your	beautiful	song	have	made	such	a	difference.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																				
to	@Joy_Villa	on	her	decision	to	enter	the	wonderful	world	of	politics.	She	has	many	fans!																																						
@SpeakerRyan	@GOPLeader	@SteveScalise	and	to	the	Republican	Party	on	Budget	passage	yesterday.	Now	for	biggest	Tax	Cuts																																					
@foxandfriends.	Really	great	job	and	show!																																																
totally	unhinged	Tom	Steyer	who	has	been	fighting	me	and	my	Make	America	Great	Again	agenda	from	beginning	never	wins	elections!																																	
we	will	defeat	this	#OpioidEpidemic	&amp;	free	our	nation	from	the	terrible	affliction	of	drug	abuse.	https://t.co/iAZjqGMwav	https://t.co/mZI5uQN4oZ																																				
my	administration	officially	declared	the	#OpioidCrisis	a	NATIONAL	PUBLIC	HEALTH	EMERGENCY	under	federal	law.	https://t.co/YosOBurdCw																																							
-	Budget	just	passed!																																																		
underestimate	the	UNITY	within	the	Republican	Party!																																															
will	be	a	great	Governor	of	Virginia.	His	opponent	doesn't	even	show	up	to	meetings/work	and	will	be	VERY	weak	on	crime!																																
will	turn	the	really	bad	Virginia	economy	#'s	around	and	fast.	Strong	on	crime	he	might	even	save	our	great	statues/heritage!																																	
another	Sean	success!	https://t.co/SlNTENvJLA																																																		
will	Make	America	Great	Again!#AmericaFirst🇺🇸	https://t.co/ajiC3flNkI																																																
be	the	biggest	TAX	CUT	in	the	history	of	our	country	-	and	we	need	it!	#TaxReform	Read	more:	https://t.co/o3W9bJkz5k	https://t.co/JYckXWEmLu																																	
@LouDobbs	coming	up	at	7pmE	on	@FoxBusiness.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/9V9z015kVl																																													
&amp;	Lt.	Gov.	@DanPatrickThank	you	for	todays	briefing	on	hurricane	recovery	efforts	here	in	TX.	Keep	up	the	great	work!	https://t.co/rBel6IWrJl																																	
anticipated	release	of	the	#JFKFiles	will	take	place	tomorrow.	So	interesting!																																											
I	look	forward	to	being	with	President	Xi	&amp;	Madame	Peng	Liyuan	in	China	in	two	weeks	for	what	will	hopefully	be	a	historic	trip!	https://t.co/uFMonzza7N																												
President	Xi	of	China	to	congratulate	him	on	his	extraordinary	elevation.	Also	discussed	NoKo	&amp;	trade	two	very	important	subjects!																																		
by	@LouDobbs.	Will	be	aired	tonight	at	7pmE	on	@FoxBusiness.	#Dobbs																																											
@Reince	Priebus	a	really	good	and	talented	man.	We’re	proud	of	you	Reince!	https://t.co/7AsjAMrSnV																																								
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/CbEwJSQ1A3																																																			
with	an	18%	approval	rating	in	Arizona	said	a,lot,of,my,colleagues,have,spoken,out.	Really	they	just	gave	me	a	standing	O!																																					
on	the	biggest	tax	cut	in	U.S.	history.	Great	support	from	so	many	sides.	Big	winners	will	be	the	middle	class	business	&amp;	JOBS																														
with	Republican	Senators	yesterday	outside	of	Flake	and	Corker	was	a	love	fest	with	standing	ovations	and	great	ideas	for	USA!																																	
Flake	and	Corker	dropped	out	of	the	Senate	race	is	very	simple	they	had	zero	chance	of	being	elected.	Now	act	so	hurt	&amp;	wounded!																													
																																																					
being	with	Republican	Senators	today.	Multiple	standing	ovations!	Most	are	great	people	who	want	big	Tax	Cuts	and	success	for	U.S.																																	
J.	Trump	Proclaims	October	24	2017	as	United	Nations	Day”	Read	more:	https://t.co/cyRAQAKhy2	https://t.co/HVD0kLYlBk																																								
just	hit	another	record	high!	Jobs	looking	very	good.																																													
World	WAS	laughing	and	taking	advantage	of	us.	People	like	liddle'	Bob	Corker	have	set	the	U.S.	way	back.	Now	we	move	forward!																															
is	the	incompetent	head	of	the	Foreign	Relations	Committee	&amp;	look	how	poorly	the	U.S.	has	done.	He	doesn't	have	a	clue	as.....																															
sad	that	lightweight	Senator	Bob	Corker	who	couldn't	get	re-elected	in	the	Great	State	of	Tennessee	will	now	fight	Tax	Cuts	plus!																																
out	of	the	race	in	Tennesse	when	I	refused	to	endorse	him	and	now	is	only	negative	on	anything	Trump.	Look	at	his	record!																														
who	helped	President	O	give	us	the	bad	Iran	Deal	&amp;	couldn't	get	elected	dog	catcher	in	Tennessee	is	now	fighting	Tax	Cuts....																															
never	forget	the	241	American	service	members	killed	by	Hizballah	in	Beirut.	They	died	in	service	to	our	nation.	https://t.co/BaQZDA3s2e																																		
a	very	respectful	conversation	with	the	widow	of	Sgt.	La	David	Johnson	and	spoke	his	name	from	beginning	without	hesitation!																																		
NFL	players	continue	to	kneel	during	the	National	Anthem	showing	total	disrespect	to	our	Flag	&amp;	Country.		No	leadership	in	NFL!																																
be	NO	change	to	your	401(k).	This	has	always	been	a	great	and	popular	middle	class	tax	break	that	works	and	it	stays!																															
finally	sinking	through.	46%	OF	PEOPLE	BELIEVE	MAJOR	NATIONAL	NEWS	ORGS	FABRICATE	STORIES	ABOUT	ME.	FAKE	NEWS	even	worse!	Lost	cred.																																	
Wilson	is	the	gift	that	keeps	on	giving	for	the	Republican	Party	a	disaster	for	Dems.	You	watch	her	in	action	&amp;	vote	R!																														
today	with	Maria	Bartiromo	at	10:00	A.M.	on	@FoxNews	-	ENJOY!																																											
Strong	Military	ISIS	historic	VA	improvement	Supreme	Court	Justice	Record	Stock	Market	lowest	unemployment	in	17	yrs!																																					
than	this	Administration.	Over	50	Legislation	approvals	massive	regulation	cuts	energy	freedom	pipelines	border	security....																																							
getting	Tax	Cuts	approved		is	important	(we	will	also	get	HealthCare)	but	perhaps	no	Administration	has	done	more	in	its	first.....																																
but	lightly	reported:	Fewest,jobless,claims,since,1973,show,firm,U.S.,Job,Market	Lowest	since	March	1973	@bpolitics																																													
Clinton	spent	hundreds	of	millions	of	dollars	more	on	Presidential	Election	than	I	did.	Facebook	was	on	her	side	not	mine!																																	
about	tiny	amount	of	money	spent	on	Facebook	ads.	What	about	the	billions	of	dollars	of	Fake	News	on	CNN	ABC	NBC	&amp;	CBS?																														
the	now	discredited	Dossier	plead	the	Fifth.	Justice	Department	and/or	FBI	should	immediately	release	who	paid	for	it.																																				
liberation	of	Raqqa	as	critical	breakthrough	in	anti-ISIS	campaign”	https://t.co/2eoYXJB7h0																																												
hits	another	all	time	high	on	Friday.	5.3	trillion	dollars	up	since	Election.	Fake	News	doesn't	spent	much	time	on	this!																																	
what	is	going	on!	https://t.co/Pdg7VqQv6M																																																	
the	receipt	of	further	information	I	will	be	allowing	as	President	the	long	blocked	and	classified	JFK	FILES	to	be	opened.																																	
the	Fake	News	Media	keeps	talking	about	Wacky	Congresswoman	Wilson	in	that	she	as	a	representative	is	killing	the	Democrat	Party!																																	
just	passed	is	a	really	big	deal	especially	in	terms	of	what	will	be	the	biggest	tax	cut	in	U.S.	history	-	MSM	barely	covered!																													
just	out	A,Place,Called,Heaven	by	Dr.	Robert	Jeffress	-	A	wonderful	man!																																											
a	once-in-a-generation	opportunity	to	offer	historic	tax	relief	to	the	American	people!	Join	me	today:	https://t.co/9czcJDbmVW	https://t.co/s3kXpvbYih																																					
was	an	honor	to	have	@UNSecretary-General	@AntonioGuterres	at	the	@WhiteHouse.	Speaking	for	the	U.S.A.	we	appreciate	all	you	do!	https://t.co/Sk0Jcazzxw																																		
@GeraldoRivera	@FoxandFriends.	Agree!	https://t.co/8cZLdAbgzw																																																		
report:	United,Kingdom,crime,rises,13%,annually,amid,spread,of,Radical,Islamic,terror.	Not	good	we	must	keep	America	safe!																																													
allows	for	the	passage	of	large	scale	Tax	Cuts	(and	Reform)	which	will	be	the	biggest	in	the	history	of	our	country!																																
passed	late	last	night	51	to	49	We	got	ZERO	Democrat	votes	with	only	Rand	Paul	(he	will	vote	for	Tax	Cuts)	voting	against.....																														
on	the	2018	budget	@SenateMajLdr	McConnell	-	first	step	toward	delivering	MASSIVE	tax	cuts	for	the	American	people!	#TaxReform	https://t.co/aBzQR7KR0c																																		
getter	@seanhannity	and	Apprentice	Champion	John	Rich	are	right	now	going	on	stage	in	Las	Vegas	for	#VegasStrong.	Great	Show!																																		
News	is	going	crazy	with	wacky	Congresswoman	Wilson(D)	who	was	SECRETLY	on	a	very	personal	call	and	gave	a	total	lie	on	content!																															
the	GREAT	work.	I	am	with	you	100%!"ISIS	is	losing	its	grip..."Army	Colonel	Ryan	DillonCJTF–OIRhttps://t.co/jVGuvv5mzm	https://t.co/PSCXg38CtS																																						
great	to	have	Governor	@RicardoRossello	of	#PuertoRico🇵🇷with	us	at	the	@WhiteHouse	today.	We	are	with	you!	#PRStrong	https://t.co/Op2xDZxvNc																																				
																																																					
firm	involved	with	the	discredited	and	Fake	Dossier	take	the	5th.	Who	paid	for	it	Russia	the	FBI	or	the	Dems	(or	all)?																															
to	Russia	with	Clinton	help	and	Obama	Administration	knowledge	is	the	biggest	story	that	Fake	Media	doesn't	want	to	follow!																																		
going	for	the	big	Budget	approval	today	first	step	toward	massive	tax	cuts.	I	think	we	have	the	votes	but	who	knows?																																
		It	is	actually	much	worse	than	this!																																													
@BradThorThank	you	so	much	for	the	wonderful	compliment.	Working	hard!	#MAGA	https://t.co/AKWlsMsCVH																																										
#MAGA	https://t.co/GQ5f2eVvEI																																																				
what	REAL	PRIDE	in	our	COUNTRY	is	all	about!	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/kyv866prdE																																											
much	talk	not	enough	action.	Stand	for	the	National	Anthem.																																												
https://t.co/xvHgx7d1cT																																																					
an	honor	to	welcome	Republican	and	Democratic	members	of	the	Senate	Finance	Committee	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today.	#TaxReform	https://t.co/ge4Xic9fId																																			
are	with	all	affected	by	the	wildfires	in	California.	God	bless	our	brave	First	Responders	and	@FEMA	team.	We	support	you!	https://t.co/YaoPbaVI5L																																
tax	code	is	a	burden	on	American	taxpayers	&amp;	harmful	to	job-creators.	Americans	need	#TaxReform!	More:	https://t.co/qXyiYiFWCO	https://t.co/NGIjJOc3TP																																				
supportive	of	Lamar	as	a	person	&amp;	also	of	the	process	but	I	can	never	support	bailing	out	ins	co's	who	have	made	a	fortune	w/	O'Care.																											
totally	fabricated	what	I	said	to	the	wife	of	a	soldier	who	died	in	action	(and	I	have	proof).	Sad!																																		
has	decided	that	it	will	not	force	players	to	stand	for	the	playing	of	our	National	Anthem.	Total	disrespect	for	our	great	country!																															
has	turned	out	James	Comey	lied	and	leaked	and	totally	protected	Hillary	Clinton.	He	was	the	best	thing	that	ever	happened	to	her!																															
will	only	vote	for	Tax	Increases.	Hopefully	all	Senate	Republicans	will	vote	for	the	largest	Tax	Cuts	in	U.S.	history.																																		
interviewed	including	Clinton	herself.	Comey	stated	under	oath	that	he	didn't	do	this-obviously	a	fix?	Where	is	Justice	Dept?																																			
confirms	report	that	James	Comey	drafted	letter	exonerating		Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	long	before	investigation	was	complete.	Many..																																				
important	truth	our	FOUNDERS	understood	was:	FREEDOM	is	NOT	a	gift	from	Govt.	FREEDOM	is	a	GIFT	from	GOD.	🎥https://t.co/rmAzGt8SuG	https://t.co/SrPavwrt2R																																	
@Heritage!	This	is	our	once-in-a-generation	opportunity	to	revitalize	our	economy	revive	our	industry	&amp;	renew	the	AMERICAN	DREAM!	https://t.co/HI30nojsGo																																			
																																																					
prototypes	underway!	https://t.co/arFNO80zmO																																																			
in	ObamaCare	premiums	is	the	fault	of	the	Democrats	for	giving	us	a	product	that	never	had	a	chance	of	working.																																	
Fake	News	being	put	in	dying	magazines	and	newspapers.	Only	place	worse	may	be	@NBCNews	@CBSNews	@ABC	and	@CNN.	Fiction	writers!																																	
my	great	honor	to	welcome	Prime	Minister	Alexis	Tsipras	of	Greece	to	the	WH	today!	🎥https://t.co/Bn1vM6fYW9	📸https://t.co/j0roMFT3YL	https://t.co/MPe5HWFcZ1																																				
LIVE	from	the	Rose	Garden	at	1:30pmE	with	Prime	Minister	Alexis	Tsipras	of	Greece.	➡️https://t.co/Bn1vM6fYW9	https://t.co/dZB4mDBKpi																																						
																																																					
has	informed	me	that	he	is	withdrawing	his	name	from	consideration	as	drug	czar.	Tom	is	a	fine	man	and	a	great	Congressman!																															
to	see	the	wonderful	people	of	South	Carolina.	Thank	you	for	the	beautiful	welcome	at	Greenville-Spartanburg	Int'l	Airport!	https://t.co/maO9Nc0sTe																																			
recently	asked	if	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	is	going	to	run	in	2020?	My	answer	was	I,hope,so!																																						
has	gained	more	than	5.2	trillion	dollars	in	Stock	Market	Value	since	Election	Day!	Also	record	business	enthusiasm.																																				
Day	on	November	8	the	Stock	Market	is	up	more	than	25%	unemployment	is	at	a	17	year	low	&amp;	companies	are	coming	back	to	U.S.																												
Schumer	hated	the	Iran	deal	made	by	President	Obama	but	now	that	I	am	involved	he	is	OK	with	it.	Tell	that	to	Israel	Chuck!																													
only	want	to	increase	taxes	and	obstruct.	That's	all	they	are	good	at!																																									
just	said	that	he	doesn't	know	how	a	Democrat	could	vote	against	the	big	tax	cut/reform	bill	and	live	with	themselves!		@FoxNews																															
The	Keystone	XL	&amp;	Dakota	Access	pipelines.	Also	look	at	the	recent	EPA	cancelations	&amp;	our	great	new	Supreme	Court	Justice!																																	
@nytimes	in	a	story	by	Peter	Baker	should	have	mentioned	the	rapid	terminations	by	me	of	TPP	&amp;	The	Paris	Accord	&amp;	the	fast....																														
in	the	Southwest	part	of	Virginia	have	been	abandoned	by	their	Party.	Republican	Ed	Gillespie	will	never	let	you	down!																																		
of	my	Executive	Order	which	will	allow	greatly	expanded	access	and	far	lower	costs	for	HealthCare.	Millions	of	people	benefit!																																		
stocks	which	have	gone	through	the	roof	during	the	ObamaCare	years	plunged	yesterday	after	I	ended	their	Dems	windfall!																																			
wonderful	statement	from	the	great	@LouDobbs.	We,take,up,what,may,be,the,most,accomplished,presidency,in,modern,American,history.																																															
causing	such	grief	and	tragedy	for	so	many.	It	is	being	dismantled	but	in	the	meantime	premiums	&amp;	deductibles	are	way	up!																																
into	Insurance	Companies	profits	under	the	guise	of	ObamaCare	is	over.	They	have	made	a	fortune.Dems	must	get	smart	&amp;	deal!																																	
talking	with	much	agreement	on	my	Iran	speech	today.	Participants	in	the	deal	are	making	lots	of	money	on	trade	with	Iran!																																
develop	a	much	better	relationship	with	Pakistan	and	its	leaders.	I	want	to	thank	them	for	their	cooperation	on	many	fronts.																																	
																																																					
announced	our	strategy	to	confront	the	Iranian	regime’s	hostile	actions	and	to	ensure	that	they	never	acquire	a	nuclear	weapon.	https://t.co/N4ISdjuEdC																																	
																																																					
we	don't	worship	government	-	we	worship	God.	#ValuesVotersSummit	https://t.co/YQ3iDlWylK																																												
no	greater	privilege	than	to	serve	as	your	Commander-in-Chief.	HAPPY	BIRTHDAY	to	the	incredible	men	and	women	@USNavy!#242NavyBday	https://t.co/qcdB4U8CqA																																			
people	of	Puerto	Rico	with	their	unmatched	spirit	know	how	bad	things	were	before	the	H's.	I	will	always	be	with	them!																																
believe	that	the	Democrats	who	have	gone	so	far	LEFT	that	they	are	no	longer	recognizable	are	fighting	so	hard	for	Sanctuary	crime																															
a	broken	mess.	Piece	by	piece	we	will	now	begin	the	process	of	giving	America	the	great	HealthCare	it	deserves!																																		
and	others	are	Fake	News	and	the	public	is	just	beginning	to	figure	it	out!	https://t.co/8B8AyA7V1s																																						
ObamaCare	is	imploding.	Massive	subsidy	payments	to	their	pet	insurance	companies	has	stopped.	Dems	should	call	me	to	fix!																																			
time	to	take	care	of	OUR	COUNTRY	to	rebuild	OUR	COMMUNITIES	and	to	protect	our	GREAT	AMERICAN	WORKERS!	#TaxReform	https://t.co/FEjGjT4xp9																																		
just	now	starting	to	find	out	how	dishonest	and	disgusting	(FakeNews)	@NBCNews	is.	Viewers	beware.	May	be	worse	than	even	@CNN!																																	
https://t.co/QbUG1pztaI																																																					
a	tax	system	that	is	FAIR	to	working	FAMILIES	&amp;	that	encourages	companies	to	STAY	in	AMERICA	GROW	in	AMERICA	and	HIRE	in	AMERICA!	https://t.co/DdI1yWi7YZ																													
has	come	to	take	action	to	IMPROVE	access	INCREASE	choices	and	LOWER	COSTS	for	HEALTHCARE!	➡️https://t.co/mz5fdveTVh	https://t.co/dDZLsKuNSe																																					
News	Is	going	all	out	in	order	to	demean	and	denigrate!	Such	hatred!																																									
keep	FEMA	the	Military	&amp;	the	First	Responders	who	have	been	amazing	(under	the	most	difficult	circumstances)	in	P.R.	forever!																																		
the	Governor.	Electric	and	all	infrastructure	was	disaster	before	hurricanes.	Congress	to	decide	how	much	to	spend....																																					
Sharyl	Attkisson.	A	total	lack	of.....																																																
tax	speech	and	@seanhannity	on	@foxandfriends	now.	Have	a	great	day!																																											
the	darkest	moments	the	light	of	our	people	has	shown	through	their	goodness	their	courage	and	their	love.	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/8JK8aM2a1L																																		
has	become	so	partisan	distorted	and	fake	that	licenses	must	be	challenged	and	if	appropriate	revoked.	Not	fair	to	public!																																		
tonight	at	9pmE	on	@FoxNews.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/RCfiJus5Rw																																															
a	tax	system	that	is	FAIR	to	working	families	&amp;	that	encourages	companies	to	STAY	in	America	GROW	in	America	and	HIRE	in	America🇺🇸	https://t.co/u9ZgijgLE3																													
be	interviewed	tonight	on	@FoxNews	by	@SeanHannity	at	9pmE.	Enjoy!																																												
LIVE	at	5:45pmE	from	Harrisburg	Pennsylvania!	#TaxReform	#USA🇺🇸https://t.co/fDUEMpRTcE	https://t.co/1mMjl1HNpl																																													
announce	we	are	awarding	$1M	to	Las	Vegas	-	in	order	to	help	local	law	enforcement	working	OT	to	respond	to	last	Sunday’s	tragedy.																														
of	the	Fake	News	coming	out	of	NBC	and	the	Networks	at	what	point	is	it	appropriate	to	challenge	their	License?	Bad	for	country!																														
made	up	a	story	that	I	wanted	a	tenfold	increase	in	our	U.S.	nuclear	arsenal.	Pure	fiction	made	up	to	demean.	NBC	=	CNN!																														
about	time	that	Roger	Goodell	of	the	NFL	is	finally	demanding	that	all	players	STAND	for	our	great	National	Anthem-RESPECT	OUR	COUNTRY																																
want	MASSIVE	tax	increases	&amp;	soft	crime	producing	borders.The	Republicans	want	the	biggest	tax	cut	in	history	&amp;	the	WALL!																																		
be	really	nice	if	the	Fake	News	Media	would	report	the	virtually	unprecedented	Stock	Market	growth	since	the	election.Need	tax	cuts																																	
gives	us	the	massive	tax	cuts	(and	reform)	I	am	asking	for	those	numbers	will	grow	by	leaps	and	bounds.	#MAGA																																	
has	increased	by	5.2	Trillion	dollars	since	the	election	on	November	8th	a	25%	increase.	Lowest	unemployment	in	16	years	and..																																	
story	is	totally	made	up	by	the	dishonest	media.The	Chief	is	doing	a	FANTASTIC	job	for	me	and	more	importantly	for	the	USA!																															
News	is	at	it	again	this	time	trying	to	hurt	one	of	the	finest	people	I	know	General	John	Kelly	by	saying	he	will	soon	be.....																												
honor	to	host	the	2017	back-to-back	#StanleyCup	Champion	Pittsburgh	Penguins	at	the	WH	with	@FLOTUS	today!https://t.co/qyT4bcHVuR	https://t.co/rBwGmhMnPX																																					
@nytimes	set	Liddle'	Bob	Corker	up	by	recording	his	conversation.	Was	made	to	sound	a	fool	and	that's	what	I	am	dealing	with!																															
author	Christopher	Bedford	just	came	out	with	book	The,Art,of,the,Donald,Lessons,from,America's....	Really	good	book!																																										
Hill	at	the	mike	it	is	no	wonder	ESPN	ratings	have	tanked	in	fact	tanked	so	badly	it	is	the	talk	of	the	industry!																														
can't	get	its	act	together	on	HealthCare	I	will	be	using	the	power	of	the	pen	to	give	great	HealthCare	to	many	people	-	FAST																													
with	agreeing	to	a	policy	on	immigration	is	that	the	Democrats	don't	want	secure	bordersthey	don't	care	about	safety	for	U.S.A.																																	
the	NFL	getting	massive	tax	breaks	while	at	the	same	time	disrespecting	our	Anthem	Flag	and	Country?	Change	tax	law!																																		
just	begun!	https://t.co/x8pSdEB2Ur																																																			
salute	to	Jerry	Jones	owner	of	the	Dallas	Cowboys	who	will	BENCH	players	who	disrespect	our	Flag."Stand	for	Anthem	or	sit	for	game!"																															
																																																					
by	@VP	Pence	was	long	planned.	He	is	receiving	great	praise	for	leaving	game	after	the	players	showed	such	disrespect	for	country!																																
has	been	unsuccessfully	dealing	with	North	Korea	for	25	years	giving	billions	of	dollars	&amp;	getting	nothing.	Policy	didn't	work!																																		
	@nypost		Thank	you!																																																	
have	done	what	I’ve	done	for	#PuertoRico	with	so	little	appreciation.	So	much	work!	https://t.co/k2jAkIpfjI																																							
gave	us	the	Iran	Deal	&amp;	that's	about	it.	We	need	HealthCare	we	need	Tax	Cuts/Reform	we	need	people	that	can	get	the	job	done!																													
first	responders	are	working	hard	(yet	again)	on	Hurricane	Nate.	Military	helping.	Very	much	under	control!																																						
@VP	Pence	to	leave	stadium	if	any	players	kneeled	disrespecting	our	country.	I	am	proud	of	him	and	@SecondLady	Karen.																																		
would	fully	expect	Corker	to	be	a	negative	voice	and	stand	in	the	way	of	our	great	agenda.	Didn't	have	the	guts	to	run!																														
He	also	wanted	to	be	Secretary	of	State	I	said	NO,THANKS.	He	is	also	largely	responsible	for	the	horrendous	Iran	Deal!																																	
Corker	begged	me	to	endorse	him	for	re-election	in	Tennessee.	I	said	NO	and	he	dropped	out	(said	he	could	not	win	without...																															
																																																					
White	House	for	the	Great	State	of	North	Carolina.	Big	progress	being	made	on	many	fronts!																																						
your	support!	https://t.co/iqUM1RfQso																																																			
agreements	violated	before	the	ink	was	dry	makings	fools	of	U.S.	negotiators.	Sorry	but	only	one	thing	will	work!																																			
their	administrations	have	been	talking	to	North	Korea	for	25	years	agreements	made	and	massive	amounts	of	money	paid......																																			
joining	@GovMikeHuckabee	tonight	at	8pmE	on	@TBN.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/Y5hGPpYZfl																																													
team	at	@FEMA	is	prepared	for	#HurricaneNate.	Everyone	in	LA	MS	AL	and	FL	please	listen	to	your	local	authorities	&amp;	be	safe!																															
so	knowingly	inaccurate	with	their	reporting.	The	good	news	is	that	the	PEOPLE	get	it	which	is	really	all	that	matters!	Not	#1																															
Chuck	Schumer	yesterday	to	see	if	the	Dems	want	to	do	a	great	HealthCare	Bill.	ObamaCare	is	badly	broken	big	premiums.	Who	knows!																															
more	people	are	suggesting	that	Republicans	(and	me)	should	be	given	Equal	Time	on	T.V.	when	you	look	at	the	one-sided	coverage?																																
host	are	dealing	with	the	Democrats	for	their	very	unfunny	&amp;	repetitive	material	always	anti-Trump!	Should	we	get	Equal	Time?																																		
RNC	is	taking	in	far	more	$'s	than	the	Dems	and	much	of	it	by	my	wonderful	small	donors.	I	am	working	hard	for	them!																													
I	finally	got	a	good	story	in	the	@washingtonpost.	It	discusses	the	enthusiasm	of	Trump	voters	through	campaign....																																				
is	running	for	Governor	of	Virginiais	fighting	for	the	violent	MS-13	killer	gangs	&amp;	sanctuary	cities.		Vote	Ed	Gillespie!																																		
never	threatened	to	resign.	This	is	Fake	News	put	out	by	@NBCNews.	Low	news	and	reporting	standards.	No	verification	from	me.																																	
hits	an	ALL-TIME	high!	Unemployment	lowest	in	16	years!	Business	and	manufacturing	enthusiasm	at	highest	level	in	decades!																																				
the	Senate	Intel	Committee	looking	into	the	Fake	News	Networks	in	OUR	country	to	see	why	so	much	of	our	news	is	just	made	up-FAKE!																													
https://t.co/YMuqSvvTSB																																																					
to	be	in	Las	Vegas	yesterday	and	meet	with	people	from	police	to	doctors	to	the	victims	themselves	who	I	will	never	forget!																															
of	a	GRATEFUL	NATION	THANK	YOU	to	all	of	the	First	Responders	(HEROES)	who	saved	countless	lives	in	Las	Vegas	on	Sunday	night.	https://t.co/ZxuMYWnNHv																														
YOU	LAS	VEGAS!	https://t.co/nxRWeR1gEz																																																		
be	landing	in	Las	Vegas	shortly	to	pay	my	respects	with	@FLOTUS	Melania.	Everyone	remains	in	our	thoughts	and	prayers.																																		
story	has	just	been	totally	refuted	by	Sec.	Tillerson	and	@VP	Pence.	It	is	#FakeNews.	They	should	issue	an	apology	to	AMERICA!																																
is	#FakeNews	and	more	dishonest	than	even	CNN.	They	are	a	disgrace	to	good	reporting.	No	wonder	their	news	ratings	are	way	down!																															
many	Fake	News	stories	today.	No	matter	what	I	do	or	say	they	will	not	write	or	speak	truth.	The	Fake	News	Media	is	out	of	control!																											
day	in	Puerto	Rico	yesterday.	While	some	of	the	news	coverage	is	Fake	most	showed	great	warmth	and	friendship.																																			
will	continue	to	work	around	the	clock	with	Governor	@RicardoRossello	&amp;	his	team.	Great	progress	being	made!	#PRStrong🇵🇷	https://t.co/1aL9YrwTvC																																			
a	miracle	how	fast	the	Las	Vegas	Metropolitan	Police	were	able	to	find	the	demented	shooter	and	stop	him	from	even	more	killing!																															
of	@FEMA	Military	and	First	Responders!	Thank	you!	https://t.co/kWVMqVelri																																													
with	Governor	Mapp	of	the	#USVI.	He	is	very	thankful	for	the	great	job	done	by	@FEMA	and	First	Responders.	https://t.co/AtBGEpDF9C																																	
Rico	now	for	D.C.	Will	be	in	Las	Vegas	early	tomorrow	to	pay	my	respects.	Everyone	is	in	my	thoughts	and	prayers.	https://t.co/dBvZUIUfr0																															
so	proud	of	our	great	Country.	God	bless	America!																																													
condolences	and	sympathies	to	the	victims	and	families	of	the	terrible	Las	Vegas	shooting.	God	bless	you!																																					
#TeamUSA🇺🇸🏆on	your	great	@PresidentsCup	victory!	https://t.co/fZeP1e9mo7																																																
to	Rocket	Man	hasn't	worked	in	25	years	why	would	it	work	now?	Clinton	failed	Bush	failed	and	Obama	failed.	I	won't	fail.																															
energy	Rex	we'll	do	what	has	to	be	done!																																													
Rex	Tillerson	our	wonderful	Secretary	of	State	that	he	is	wasting	his	time	trying	to	negotiate	with	Little	Rocket	Man...																																		
Thank	you	to	the	Governor	of	P.R.	and	to	all	of	those	who	are	working	so	closely	with	our	First	Responders.	Fantastic	job!																															
now	starting	to	recognize	the	amazing	work	that	has	been	done	by	FEMA	and	our	great	Military.	All	buildings	now	inspected.....																																	
done	a	great	job	with	the	almost	impossible	situation	in	Puerto	Rico.	Outside	of	the	Fake	News	or	politically	motivated	ingrates...																																	
our	National	Anthem!	#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸	https://t.co/czutyGaMQV																																																	
the	Alabama	Primary	raceFAKE	NEWS	always	fails	to	mention	that	the	candidate	I	endorsed	went	up	MANY	points	after	endorsement!																																		
the	Alabama	Primary	race	Fake	News	always	fails	to	mention	that	the	candidate	I	endorsed	went	up	MANY	points	after	Election!																																	
#FakeNews	my	people	are	not	getting	the	credit	they	deserve	for	doing	a	great	job.	As	seen	here	they	are	ALL	doing	a	GREAT	JOB!	https://t.co/1ltW2t3rwy																												
that	NFL	players	STAND	tomorrow	and	always	for	the	playing	of	our	National	Anthem.	Respect	our	Flag	and	our	Country!																																		
be	in	PR	on	Tues.	to	further	ensure	we	continue	doing	everything	possible	to	assist	&amp;	support	the	people	in	their	time	of	great	need.																													
recovery	efforts	will	speak	much	louder	than	complaints	by	San	Juan	Mayor.	Doing	everything	we	can	to	help	great	people	of	PR!																																
all	be	united	in	offering	assistance	to	everyone	suffering	in	Puerto	Rico	and	elsewhere	in	the	wake	of	this	terrible	disaster.																																	
critics	are	working	overtime	but	we're	getting	great	marks	from	the	people	that	truly	matter!	#PRStrong🇵🇷																																						
Governor	@RicardoRossello	and	many	others	are	working	together	to	help	the	people	of	Puerto	Rico	in	every	way...																																				
people	of	Puerto	Rico:Do	not	believe	the	#FakeNews!#PRStrong🇵🇷																																														
Gonzalez-Colon	of	Puerto	Rico	has	been	wonderful	to	deal	with	and	a	great	representative	of	the	people.	Thank	you!																																			
to	Governor	Kenneth	Mapp	of	the	U.S.	Virgin	Islands	who	stated	that	#FEMA	and	Military	are	doing	a	GREAT	job!	Thank	you	Governor!																															
of	Puerto	Rico	Ricardo	Rossello	is	a	great	guy	and	leader	who	is	really	working	hard.	Thank	you	Ricky!																																			
Fake	News	Media	in	conjunction	with	the	Dems	an	amazing	job	is	being	done	in	Puerto	Rico.	Great	people!																																			
News	Networks	are	working	overtime	in	Puerto	Rico	doing	their	best	to	take	the	spirit	away	from	our	soldiers	and	first	R's.	Shame!																															
be	going	to	Puerto	Rico	on	Tuesday	with	Melania.	Will	hopefully	be	able	to	stop	at	the	U.S.	Virgin	Islands	(people	working	hard).																															
CNN	and	NBC	are	going	out	of	their	way	to	disparage	our	great	First	Responders	as	a	way	to	get,Trump.	Not	fair	to	FR	or	effort!																												
and	first	responders	despite	no	electric	roads	phones	etc.	have	done	an	amazing	job.	Puerto	Rico	was	totally	destroyed.																																			
to	be	done	for	them	when	it	should	be	a	community	effort.	10000	Federal	workers	now	on	Island	doing	a	fantastic	job.																																
leadership	ability	by	the	Mayor	of	San	Juan	and	others	in	Puerto	Rico	who	are	not	able	to	get	their	workers	to	help.	They....																														
of	San	Juan	who	was	very	complimentary	only	a	few	days	ago	has	now	been	told	by	the	Democrats	that	you	must	be	nasty	to	Trump.																												
THANK	YOU	to	the	amazing	Indianapolis	Metropolitan	Police	Department	and	all	law	enforcement	officers	for	all	you	do	24/7/365!	#LESM	https://t.co/XFqxbMBEbP																																	
for	my	#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸https://t.co/QeeKnFuHue	https://t.co/NnM2jOkEs0																																																		
are	with	all	those	observing	Yom	Kippur	the	holiest	day	of	the	Jewish	year.	https://t.co/0LuZCZl29D																																							
@ShopFloorNAM.	An	honor	to	be	with	you	today.	Great	news!	Manufacturers	report	record-high	economic	optimism	in	2017	#TaxReform	https://t.co/4sgMWGotOF																																			
we	came	one	step	closer	to	reaching	the	goal	of	aligning	the	skills	taught	in	our	nation’s	classrooms	with	the	jobs	of	the	future.	https://t.co/9s1ggeIJJ5																													
FOR	S	&amp;	P	500!																																																	
to	FEMA	our	great	Military	&amp;	all	First	Responders	who	are	working	so	hardagainst	terrible	oddsin	Puerto	Rico.	See	you	Tuesday!																																	
is	that	Puerto	Rico	has	been	destroyed	by	two	hurricanes.	Big	decisions	will	have	to	be	made	as	to	the	cost	of	its	rebuilding!																														
Governor	Ricardo	Rossello	just	stated:	"The,Administration,and,the,President,every,time,we've,spoken,they've,delivered......
GDP,was,revised,upward,to,3.1,for,last,quarter.,Many,people,thought,it,would,be,years,before,that,happened.,We,have,just,begun!
Puerto,Rico,is,devastated.,Phone,system,electric,grid,many,roads,gone.,FEMA,and,First,Responders,are,amazing.,Governor,said,great"	job!"																																															
to	help	but	many	have	lost	their	homes.	Military	is	now	on	site	and	I	will	be	there	Tuesday.	Wish	press	would	treat	fairly!																														
First	Responders	are	doing	a	GREAT	job	in	Puerto	Rico.	Massive	food	&amp;	water	delivered.	Docks	&amp;	electric	grid	dead.	Locals	trying....																																
@SteveScalise!#TeamScalise	https://t.co/CoRed8rfL2																																																				
power	grid	in	Puerto	Rico	is	totally	shot.	Large	numbers	of	generators	are	now	on	Island.	Food	and	water	on	site.																																	
want	massive	tax	cuts	-	how	does	that	win	elections?	Great	reviews	for	Tax	Cut	and	Reform	Bill.																																				
time	to	take	care	of	OUR	people	to	rebuild	OUR	NATION	and	to	fight	for	OUR	GREAT	AMERICAN	WORKERS!	#TaxReform	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/LsZvHg3got																																
the	right	TAX	CUT	@	the	RIGHT	TIME.	We	will	ALL	succeed	&amp;	grow	TOGETHER	–	as	one	team	one	people	&amp;	one	American	family.	#TaxReform	https://t.co/rtLWANJjIQ																											
in	Indianapolis	Indiana	to	make	an	announcement	on	#TaxReform!	Together	we	are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/Dy9UwhkWHL																																			
people	were	Pro-Trump!	Virtually	no	President	has	accomplished	what	we	have	accomplished	in	the	first	9	months-and	economy	roaring																																			
always	anti-Trump.The	Networks	were	always	anti-Trump	henceFake	News	@nytimes(apologized)	&amp;	@WaPo	were	anti-Trump.	Collusion?																																								
have	the	votes	for	Healthcare	but	not	for	the	reconciliation	deadline	of	Friday	after	which	we	need	60	Get	rid	of	Filibuster	Rule!																															
Yes	vote	in	hospital	&amp;	very	positive	signs	from	Alaska	and	two	others	(McCain	is	out)	we	have	the	HCare	Vote	but	not	for	Friday!																													
Jerry	Jones	of	the	Dallas	Cowboys	yesterday.	Jerry	is	a	winner	who	knows	how	to	get	things	done.	Players	will	stand	for	Country!																															
Roy	Moore	of	Alabama	last	night	for	the	first	time.	Sounds	like	a	really	great	guy	who	ran	a	fantastic	race.	He	will	help	to	#MAGA!																												
Roy	Moore	on	his	Republican	Primary	win	in	Alabama.	Luther	Strange	started	way	back	&amp;	ran	a	good	race.	Roy	WIN	in	Dec!																															
Roy	Moore	on	his	Republican	Primary	win	in	Alabama.	Luther	Strange	started	way	back	&amp;	ran	a	good	race.	Roy	WIN	in	Nov!																															
Bolt	from	Jamaica	one	of	the	greatest	runners	and	athletes	of	all	time	showed	RESPECT	for	our	National	Anthem!	🇺🇸🇯🇲	https://t.co/zkenuAP9RS																																	
ago	today	the	National	Security	Council	met	for	the	first	time.	Great	history	of	advising	Presidents-then	&amp;	now!	Thanks	NSC	Staff!																																	
to	our	wonderful	team	@USUN	and	their	families.	Keep	up	the	GREAT	work!	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/s7KhlSMEqY																																							
an	honor	to	welcome	President	@MarianoraJoy	of	Spain.	Thank	you	for	standing	w/	us	in	our	efforts	to	isolate	the	brutal	#NoKo	regime.	https://t.co/43U4T34JgF																														
to	express	our	support	and	extend	our	prayers	to	all	those	affected	by	the	vile	terror	attack	in	Spain	last	month.	🇺🇸🇪🇸	https://t.co/5mT0QXFlnL																															
&amp;	prayers	are	with	the	people	of	#PuertoRico	&amp;	the	#USVI.	We	will	get	through	this	-	and	we	will	get	through	this	TOGETHER!	https://t.co/NcmsF4Fqpr																													
to	the	@UN	to	meet	with	Ambassador	@NikkiHaley	and	all	of	her	great	representatives!	#USA🇺🇸																																							
welcome	Republican	and	Democrat	members	of	the	House	Ways	and	Means	Committee	to	the	White	House	today!	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/nWnX9CDP0d																																			
out	and	vote	for	Luther	Strange	-	he	has	proven	to	me	that	he	will	never	let	you	down!	#MAGA																																		
has	all	sorts	of	rules	and	regulations.	The	only	way	out	for	them	is	to	set	a	rule	that	you	can't	kneel	during	our	National	Anthem!																												
to	Carmen	Yulin	Cruz	the	Mayor	of	San	Juan	for	your	kind	words	on	FEMA	etc.We	are	working	hard.	Much	food	and	water	there/on	way																													
on	@foxandfriends	with	the	parents	of	Otto	Warmbier:	1994	-	2017	Otto	was	tortured	beyond	belief	by	North	Korea.																																			
has	been	shooting	up	in	the	Alabama	polls	since	my	endorsement.	Finish	the	job	-	vote	today	for	Big,Luther.																																			
Dallas	dropped	to	its	knees	as	a	team	they	all	stood	up	for	our	National	Anthem.	Big	progress	being	made-we	all	love	our	country!																														
Dallas	dropped	to	it	knees	as	a	team	they	ALL	stood	up	for	our	National	Anthem.	Big	progress	being	made	-	we	love	our	country!																													
at	the	NFL	football	game	last	night	when	the	entire	Dallas	team	dropped	to	its	knees	was	loudest	I	have	ever	heard.	Great	anger																														
NFL	football	are	way	down	except	before	game	starts	when	people	tune	in	to	see	whether	or	not	our	country	will	be	disrespected!																															
tomorrow	in	the	Great	State	of	Alabama.	Vote	for	Senator	Luther	Strange	tough	on	crime	&amp;	border	-	will	never	let	you	down!																															
of	the	many	clips	of	John	McCain	talking	about	Repealing	&amp;	Replacing	O'Care.	My	oh	my	has	he	changed-complete	turn	from	years	of	talk!	https://t.co/t9cXG2Io86																													
Wall	Street	and	the	banks	which	sadly	must	be	dealt	with.	Food	water	and	medical	are	top	priorities	-	and	doing	well.	#FEMA																															
electrical	grid	which	was	in	terrible	shape	was	devastated.	Much	of	the	Island	was	destroyed	with	billions	of	dollars....																																			
Florida	are	doing	great	but	Puerto	Rico	which	was	already	suffering	from	broken	infrastructure	&amp;	massive	debt	is	in	deep	trouble..																																	
against	the	NFL	and	its	players	for	disrespect	of	our	Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸																																											
Kelly	totally	agrees	w/	my	stance	on	NFL	players	and	the	fact	that	they	should	not	be	disrespecting	our	FLAG	or	GREAT	COUNTRY!																															
#FakeNews.	Just	reported	COS	(John	Kelly)	was	opposed	to	my	stance	on	NFL	players	disrespecting	FLAG	ANTHEM	COUNTRY.	Total	lie!																																		
																																																					
House	never	looked	more	beautiful	than	it	did	returning	last	night.	Important	meetings	taking	place	today.	Big	tax	cuts	&amp;	reform.																																	
of	kneeling	has	nothing	to	do	with	race.	It	is	about	respect	for	our	Country	Flag	and	National	Anthem.	NFL	must	respect	this!																															
booed	the	players	who	kneeled	yesterday	(which	was	a	small	percentage	of	total).	These	are	fans	who	demand	respect	for	our	Flag!																																
of	NASCAR	and	its	supporters	and	fans.	They	won't	put	up	with	disrespecting	our	Country	or	our	Flag	-	they	said	it	loud	and	clear!																													
Safe	is	my	number	one	priority.	We	will	not	admit	those	into	our	country	we	cannot	safely	vet.https://t.co/KJ886okyfC																																				
should	never	condone	players	that	do	not	stand	proud	for	their	National	Anthem	or	their	Country.	NFL	should	change	policy!																																		
Maine	and	Kentucky	are	big	winners	in	the	Healthcare	proposal.	7	years	of	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	and	some	Senators	not	there.																																	
have	fought	and	died	for	our	great	American	Flag	---	we	MUST	honor	and	respect	it!		MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																	
inform	that	the	Champion	Pittsburgh	Penguins	of	the	NHL	will	be	joining	me	at	the	White	House	for	Ceremony.	Great	team!																																	
for	our	National	Anthem	and	for	our	Country.	Standing	with	locked	arms	is	good	kneeling	is	not	acceptable.	Bad	ratings!																																		
and	ratings	are	WAY	DOWN.	Boring	games	yes	but	many	stay	away	because	they	love	our	country.	League	should	back	U.S.																																	
fans	refuse	to	go	to	games	until	players	stop	disrespecting	our	Flag	&amp;	Country	you	will	see	change	take	place	fast.	Fire	or	suspend!																														
Foreign	Minister	of	North	Korea	speak	at	U.N.	If	he	echoes	thoughts	of	Little	Rocket	Man	they	won't	be	around	much	longer!																																
of	NFL	just	put	out	a	statement	trying	to	justify	the	total	disrespect	certain	players	show	to	our	country.Tell	them	to	stand!																																
laughingly	saying	that	McCain	had	a	moment,of,courage.	Tell	that	to	the	people	of	Arizona	who	were	deceived.	116%	increase!																																			
test-fired	a	Ballistic	Missile	capable	of	reaching	Israel.They	are	also	working	with	North	Korea.Not	much	of	an	agreement	we	have!																																		
of	our	incredible	First	Lady	(@FLOTUS.)	She	is	a	truly	great	representative	for	our	country!	https://t.co/yFv0WIjgby																																						
American	Flag	(or	Country)	and	should	stand	for	the	National	Anthem.	If	not	YOU'RE	FIRED.	Find	something	else	to	do!																																		
player	wants	the	privilege	of	making	millions	of	dollars	in	the	NFLor	other	leagues	he	or	she	should	not	be	allowed	to	disrespect....																															
the	White	House	is	considered	a	great	honor	for	a	championship	team.Stephen	Curry	is	hesitatingtherefore	invitation	is	withdrawn!																																				
great	being	with	Luther	Strange	last	night	in	Alabama.	What	great	people	what	a	crowd!	Vote	Luther	on	Tuesday.																																			
a	200%	plus	increase	in	premiums	under	ObamaCare	worst	in	the	country.	Deductibles	high	people	angry!	Lisa	M	comes	through.																																		
Rand	Paul	and	I	think	he	may	find	a	way	to	get	there	for	the	good	of	the	Party!																																			
Grants	to	States	is	a	good	thing	to	do.	Better	control	&amp;		management.	Great	for	Arizona.	McCain	let	his	best	friend	L.G.	down!																														
a	116%	increase	in	ObamaCare	premiums	last	year	with	deductibles	very	high.	Chuck	Schumer	sold	John	McCain	a	bill	of	goods.	Sad																																
never	had	any	intention	of	voting	for	this	Bill	which	his	Governor	loves.	He	campaigned	on	Repeal	&amp;	Replace.	Let	Arizona	down!																																
Alabama	now	big	crowd!																																																		
to	Doug	Parker	and	American	Airlines	for	all	of	the	help	you	have	given	to	the	U.S.	with	Hurricane	flights.	Fantastic	job!																																
																																																					
in	Alabama	tonight.	Luther	Strange	has	gained	mightily	since	my	endorsement	but	will	be	very	close.	He	loves	Alabama	and	so	do	I!																															
influence	over	our	election	was	the	Fake	News	Media	screaming	for	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	Next	she	was	a	bad	candidate!																																		
hoax	continues	now	it's	ads	on	Facebook.	What	about	the	totally	biased	and	dishonest	Media	coverage	in	favor	of	Crooked	Hillary?																																	
https://t.co/hlz48RLkIf																																																					
Un	of	North	Korea	who	is	obviously	a	madman	who	doesn't	mind	starving	or	killing	his	people	will	be	tested	like	never	before!																															
or	whoever	votes	against	Hcare	Bill	will	forever	(future	political	campaigns)	be	known	as	the,Republican,who,saved,ObamaCare.																																							
day	for	the	U.S.	at	the	United	Nations!																																														
Strange	has	gone	up	a	lot	in	the	polls	since	I	endorsed	him	a	month	ago.	Now	a	close	runoff.	He	will	be	great	in	D.C.																												
announced	a	new	Executive	Order	with	re:	to	North	Korea.	We	must	all	do	our	part	to	ensure	the	complete	denuclearization	of	#NoKo.	https://t.co/igjOSM7N7h																														
a	great	privilege	to	meet	with	President	Moon	of	South	Korea.Stay	tuned!	🇺🇸🇰🇷#UNGA	https://t.co/7xYDO5ddUm																																								
wonderful	to	have	President	Petro	Poroshenko	of	Ukraine	with	us	in	New	York	City	today.	#UNGA🎥https://t.co/UKOMUj0ZuL	https://t.co/GpkERy8WiP																																					
a	pleasure	to	have	President	Ashraf	Ghani	of	Afghanistan	with	us	this	morning!	#USAatUNGA	#UNGA	https://t.co/HOEVfnMn14																																						
We	are	with	you	and	the	people	of	Puerto	Rico.	Stay	safe!	#PRStrong																																									
Bill	Cassidy	is	a	class	act	who	really	cares	about	people	and	their	Health(care)	he	doesn't	lie-just	wants	to	help	people!																																	
strongly	endorses	Luther	Strange	for	Senator	of	Alabama.That	means	all	gun	owners	should	vote	for	Big	Luther.	He	won't	let	you	down!																																
not	sign	Graham-Cassidy	if	it	did	not	include	coverage	of	pre-existing	conditions.	It	does!	A	great	Bill.	Repeal	&amp;	Replace.																																		
sooo	lucky	to	have	a	candidate	like	Big	Luther	Strange.	Smart	tough	on	crime	borders	&amp;	trade	loves	Vets	&amp;	Military.	Tuesday!																																
of	all	Americans	I	want	to	wish	Jewish	families	many	blessings	in	the	New	Year.	https://t.co/m4VWxYvONx	https://t.co/iYG1G8GaLN																																					
host	a	luncheon	for	African	leaders	this	afternoon.	Great	discussions	on	the	challenges	&amp;	opportunities	facing	our	nations	today.	https://t.co/AbnBJtKCAI																																		
meet	w/	Pres	Abbas	from	the	Palestinian	Authority	&amp;	his	delegation	who	have	been	working	hard	w/everybody	involved	toward	peace.	https://t.co/4E8awDkX93																																	
a	great	honor	to	be	with	King	Abdullah	II	of	Jordan	and	his	delegation	this	morning.	We	had	a	GREAT	bilateral	meeting!🇺🇸🇯🇴	https://t.co/6tYDHswKa3																															
to	Friday	night	in	the	Great	State	of	Alabama.	I	am	supporting	Big	Luther	Strange	because	he	was	so	loyal	&amp;	helpful	to	me!																														
Republican	Senators	will	vote	for	Graham-Cassidy	and	fulfill	their	promise	to	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	ObamaCare.	Money	direct	to	States!																																			
is	a	friend	of	mine	but	he	is	such	a	negative	force	when	it	comes	to	fixing	healthcare.	Graham-Cassidy	Bill	is	GREAT!	Ends	Ocare!																														
	@foxandfriends	-	great	show!																																																	
is	noticing	thanks!	https://t.co/2NL6SlWnmH																																																		
North	Korea	to	research	and	build	Nukes	while	Secretary	of	State	(Bill	C	also)	Crooked	Hillary	now	criticizes.																																				
today	at	the	United	Nations.	So	many	interesting	leaders.	America	First	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																						
Jacob!	https://t.co/Wjjrv6KTVT																																																				
saddened	to	see	how	bad	the	ratings	were	on	the	Emmys	last	night	-	the	worst	ever.	Smartest	people	of	them	all	are	the	DEPLORABLES.																													
thank	you!	https://t.co/Cg4dzHhbrv																																																			
and	important	day	at	the	United	Nations.Met	with	leaders	of	many	nations	who	agree	with	much	(or	all)	of	what	I	stated	in	my	speech!																													
being	hit	hard	by	new	monster	Hurricane.	Be	careful	our	hearts	are	with	you-	will	be	there	to	help!																																			
question	for	the	@UN...🎥https://t.co/tx5SnACAaS																																																		
a	great	honor	to	have	spoken	before	the	countries	of	the	world	at	the	United	Nations.#USAatUNGA🇺🇸#UNGAhttps://t.co/1maJwRGa3d	https://t.co/6Hu3AeUp58																																					
the	people	of	Mexico	City.	We	are	with	you	and	will	be	there	for	you.																																							
of	the	United	States	of	America	I	will	ALWAYS	put	#AmericaFirst🇺🇸#UNGAFull	remarks:	https://t.co/ksaMsQ2Lhm	https://t.co/XrtpAWwuCn																																								
strength	&amp;	patience	but	if	it	is	forced	to	defend	itself	or	its	allies	we	will	have	no	choice	but	to	totally	destroy	#NoKo.	https://t.co/P4vAanXvgm																													
at	the	United	Nations	-	many	good	things	and	some	tricky	ones	happening.	We	have	a	great	team.	Big	speech	at	10:00	A.M.																															
https://t.co/MjIJ7HG3eU																																																					
for	the	full	restoration	of	democracy	and	political	freedoms	in	Venezuela	and	we	want	it	to	happen	very	very	soon!	https://t.co/bMJDOtAesl																																	
a	great	honor	to	be	with	President	@EmmanuelMacron	of	France	this	afternoon	with	his	delegation.	Great	bilateral	meeting!	#UNGA	https://t.co/HnxDDU5d5F																																		
honor	to	have	my	good	friend	Israel	PM	@Netanyahu	join	us	w/	his	delegation	in	NYC	this	afternoon.	#UNGA	https://t.co/YEHWjdtQx8	https://t.co/jwU4e8Yk8A																																	
to	meeting	with	Prime	Minister	@Netanyahu	shortly.	Peace	in	the	Middle	East	would	be	a	truly	great	legacy	for	ALL	people!																																	
SG	@AntonioGuterres	&amp;	his	call	for	the	UN	to	focus	more	on	people	&amp;	less	on	bureaucracy.	#USAatUNGA	#UNGA	https://t.co/KVvCMznmcN	https://t.co/UQn6RrC9Xw																																	
Birthday	@CIA!	https://t.co/CU3gOZMf7J																																																			
Birthday	@USAirForce!	https://t.co/snkXO40vXM																																																			
and	calls	scheduled	for	today.	Military	and	economy	are	getting	stronger	by	the	day	and	our	enemies	know	it.	#MAGA																																		
honor!	https://t.co/x25T9tQAnI																																																				
https://t.co/vs4MNwXtei																																																					
with	President	Moon	of	South	Korea	last	night.	Asked	him	how	Rocket	Man	is	doing.	Long	gas	lines	forming	in	North	Korea.	Too	bad!																														
Bill	Schuette	will	be	a	fantastic	Governor	for	the	great	State	of	Michigan.	I	am	bringing	back	your	jobs	and	Bill	will	help																															
be	in	Huntsville	Alabama	on	Saturday	night	to	support	Luther	Strange	for	Senate.	Big,Luther	is	a	great	guy	who	gets	things	done!																																
Bill	Shuette	will	be	a	fantastic	Governor	for	the	great	State	of	Michigan.	I	am	bringing	back	your	jobs	and	Bill	will	help!																															
deal	of	good	things	happening	for	our	country.	Jobs	and	Stock	Market	at	all	time	highs	and	I	believe	will	be	getting	even	better!																														
BIRTHDAY	to	the	@USAirForce!	The	American	people	are	eternally	grateful.	Thank	you	for	keeping	America	PROUD	STRONG	and	FREE!	https://t.co/DYxkh3gj0R																																		
defend	our	people	our	nations	and	our	civilization	from	all	who	dare	to	threaten	our	way	of	life...cont:	https://t.co/SYBRshx89b	https://t.co/sIiAuxL3OE																																		
&amp;	prayers	go	out	to	the	people	of	London	who	suffered	a	vicious	terrorist	attack....	https://t.co/Q2hTBV2l5t																																						
our	HEROES	held	prisoner	or	who	have	gone	missing	in	action	while	serving	their	country.Proclamation:	https://t.co/4xBZGjAGj5	https://t.co/yZTr7rlpTV																																					
Giaccio-On	behalf	of	@FLOTUS	Melania	&amp;	myself	THANK	YOU	for	doing	a	GREAT	job	this	morning!	@NatlParkService	gives	you	an	A+!	https://t.co/135DxuapUI																																
https://t.co/MsaLA9POAt																																																					
cannot	be	allowed	to	be	part	of	any	legislation	on	Immigration!																																											
paying	a	really	big	price	for	its	politics	(and	bad	programming).	People	are	dumping	it	in	RECORD	numbers.	Apologize	for	untruth!																																	
made	more	progress	in	the	last	nine	months	against	ISIS	than	the	Obama	Administration	has	made	in	8	years.Must	be	proactive	&amp;	nasty!																															
ban	into	the	United	States	should	be	far	larger	tougher	and	more	specific-but	stupidly	that	would	not	be	politically	correct!																																		
must	be	dealt	with	in	a	much	tougher	manner.The	internet	is	their	main	recruitment	tool	which	we	must	cut	off	&amp;	use	better!																															
in	London	by	a	loser	terrorist.These	are	sick	and	demented	people	who	were	in	the	sights	of	Scotland	Yard.	Must	be	proactive!																																
ridiculous	Filibuster	Rule	in	the	Senate	Republicans	need	60	votes	to	pass	legislation	rather	than	51	Can't	get	votes	END	NOW!																																	
TX	WE	are	w/you	today	we	are	w/you	tomorrow	&amp;	we	will	be	w/you	EVERY	SINGLE	DAY	AFTER	to	RESTORE	RECOVER	&amp;	REBUILD!	https://t.co/phRMudujxJ																														
WITH	YOU	FLORIDA!Emergency	Information	1-800-342-3557https://t.co/zbWkR5VmDpVolunteer	1-800-FL-HELP-1https://t.co/ghkbVajBN0	https://t.co/2Jj85weO1U																																															
Republicans	to	approve	healthcare	fast	or	this	would	happen.	But	don't	worry	I	will	veto	because	I	love	our	country	&amp;	its	people.																															
is	pushing	hard	for	a	single	payer	healthcare	plan	-	a	curse	on	the	U.S.	&amp;	its	people...																																				
President	of	Mexico	to	give	condolences	on	terrible	earthquake.	Unable	to	reach	for	3	days	b/c	of	his	cell	phone	reception	at	site.																															
Florida	for	D.C.	The	people	and	spirit	in	THAT	GREAT	STATE	is	unbelievable.	Damage	horrific	but	will	be	better	than	ever!																																	
now	for	Florida	to	see	our	GREAT	first	responders	and	to	thank	the	U.S.	Coast	Guard	FEMA	etc.	A	real	disaster	much	work	to	do!																													
been	in	our	country	for	many	years	through	no	fault	of	their	own	-	brought	in	by	parents	at	young	age.	Plus	BIG	border	security																													
really	want	to	throw	out	good	educated	and	accomplished	young	people	who	have	jobs	some	serving	in	the	military?	Really!.....																																		
which	is	already	under	construction	in	the	form	of	new	renovation	of	old	and	existing	fences	and	walls	will	continue	to	be	built.																															
was	made	last	night	on	DACA.	Massive	border	security	would	have	to	be	agreed	to	in	exchange	for	consent.	Would	be	subject	to	vote.																														
came	back	to	haunt	Hillary.They	expressed	their	feelings	loud	and	clear.	She	spent	big	money	but	in	the	end	had	no	game!																																
Clinton	blames	everybody	(and	every	thing)	but	herself	for	her	election	loss.	She	lost	the	debates	and	lost	her	direction!																																		
a	business	tax	rate	of	15%.	We	should	do	everything	possible	to	match	them	in	order	to	win	with	our	economy.	Jobs	and	wages!																														
and	Harvey	devastation	Tax	Cuts	and	Tax	Reform	is	needed	more	than	ever	before.	Go	Congress	go!																																					
be	traveling	to	Florida	tomorrow	to	meet	with	our	great	Coast	Guard	FEMA	and	many	of	the	brave	first	responders	&amp;	others.																																
process	for	the	biggest	Tax	Cut	&amp;	Tax	Reform	package	in	the	history	of	our	country	will	soon	begin.	Move	fast	Congress!																																
a	great	honor	to	welcome	Prime	Minister	Najib	Abdul	Razak	of	Malaysia	and	his	distinguished	delegation	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today!	https://t.co/3pWrBOh8dG																																	
Eric	&amp;	Lara	on	the	birth	of	their	son	Eric	Luke	Trump	this	morning!	https://t.co/Aw0AV82XdE																																							
left	by	Hurricane	Irma	was	far	greater	at	least	in	certain	locationsthan	anyone	thought	-	but	amazing	people	working	hard!																																		
watch	people	writing	books	and	major	articles	about	me	and	yet	they	know	nothing	about	me	&amp;	have	zero	access.	#FAKE	NEWS!																																
Forever	Bless	the	United	States	of	America.	#NeverForget911	https://t.co/erycJgj23r																																													
																																																					
Coast	Guard	FEMA	and	all	Federal	and	State	brave	people	are	ready.	Here	comes	Irma.	God	bless	everyone!																																				
advice	of	@FLGovScott!"If	you're	in	an	evacuation	zone	you	need	to	get	to	a	shelter...there's	not	many	hours	left."	Gov.	Scott	https://t.co/92W8ViNMUK																																
a	storm	of	enormous	destructive	power	and	I	ask	everyone	in	the	storm’s	path	to	heed	ALL	instructions	from	government	officials.	https://t.co/nJfM2Sdme1																																
https://t.co/pdBaD9t8SK	to	find	shelters	road	closures	&amp;	evacuation	routes.	Helpful	Twitter	list:	https://t.co/BUMVlxGFe8	https://t.co/ncnuqCeB5K																																								
Texas	should	be	entitled	to	reimbursement	from	FEMA	Relief	Funds	for	helping	victims	of	Hurricane	Harvey	(just	like	others).																																			
to	my	fellow	Americans🇺🇸#IrmaHurricane2017🎥https://t.co/jyg6AlyAAb🎥https://t.co/iPujtHzejr	https://t.co/HCQ9kmKc4E																																																	
start	the	Tax	Reform/Tax	Cut	legislation	ASAP.	Don't	wait	until	the	end	of	September.	Needed	now	more	than	ever.	Hurry!																																		
the	Republicans	to	pass	even	great	legislation.	8	Dems	control	-	will	rarely	get	60	(vs.	51)	votes.	It	is	a	Repub	Death	Wish!																														
but	I've	been	hearing	about	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	for	7	years	didn't	happen!	Even	worse	the	Senate	Filibuster	Rule	will....																																		
U.S.	Coast	Guard	saved	more	than	15000	lives	last	week	with	Harvey.	Irma	could	be	even	tougher.	We	love	our	Coast	Guard!																																
is	of	epic	proportion	perhaps	bigger	than	we	have	ever	seen.	Be	safe	and	get	out	of	its	wayif	possible.	Federal	G	is	ready!																														
confront	ANY	challenge	no	matter	how	strong	the	winds	or	high	the	water.	I’m	proud	to	stand	with	Presidents	for	#OneAmericaAppeal.																																	
EVERYONE	in	the	path	of	#HurricaneIrma	to	heed	the	advice	and	orders	of	local	&amp;	state	officials!	https://t.co/AQmawTpZs0																																				
trip	to	Saudi	Arabia	I	spoke	to	the	leaders	of	more	than	50	Arab	&amp;	Muslim	nations	about	the	need	to	confront	our	shared	enemies..	https://t.co/8oeAQfIeX8																												
will	show	the	world	that	the	forces	of	destruction	and	extremism	are	NO	MATCH	for	the	BLESSINGS	of	PROSPERITY	and	PEACE!	https://t.co/aL6In83eWK																																
the	@WhiteHouse	Amir	Sabah	al-Ahmed	al-Jaber	al-Sabah	of	Kuwait!	Joint	press	conference	coming	up	soon:	https://t.co/8T4Nyzlp4Y	https://t.co/lfRa4AATaM																																					
of	those	(DACA)	that	are	concerned	about	your	status	during	the	6	month	period	you	have	nothing	to	worry	about	-	No	action!																															
our	great	honor!	https://t.co/StrciEwuWs																																																		
is	raging	but	we	have	great	teams	of	talented	and	brave	people	already	in	place	and	ready	to	help.	Be	careful	be	safe!	#FEMA																														
our	companies	to	hire	&amp;	grow	in	AMERICA	to	raise	wages	for	AMERICAN	workers	&amp;	to	help	rebuild	our	AMERICAN	cities	&amp;	towns!	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/sglubjcbW4																													
want	to	renew	our	PROSPERITY	restore	OPPORTUNITY	&amp;	re-establish	our	economic	DOMINANCE	then	we	need	tax	reform	that	is	pro-growth..	https://t.co/9NzLg2Qzpo																																	
for	joining	me	in	Mandan	ND	Gov.	@DougBurgum	Lt.	Gov.	@BrentSanfordND	@SenJohnHoeven	@RepKevinCramer	&amp;	@SenatorHeitkamp.	https://t.co/8nIvtHvpu6																																						
be	in	North	Dakota	with	the	incredible	hardworking	men	&amp;	women	@	the	Andeavor	Refinery.	Full	remarks:	🎥https://t.co/uxBpyeERUm	https://t.co/fV9R9gJxDS																																			
w/	Governors	Rick	Scott	of	Florida	Kenneth	Mapp	of	the	U.S.	Virgin	Islands	&amp;	Ricardo	Rosselló	of	Puerto	Rico.	WE	ARE	W/	YOU	ALL!	https://t.co/k92cslgKFa																													
J.	Trump	Approves	Emergency	Declarations'➡️https://t.co/xSHSyNkvuP➡️https://t.co/UbBSFOhMM7➡️https://t.co/xWOfp9Z9iR	https://t.co/qoJOM54Gy8																																																
like	largest	ever	recorded	in	the	Atlantic!																																															
closely.	My	team	which	has	done	and	is	doing	such	a	good	job	in	Texas	is	already	in	Florida.	No	rest	for	the	weary!																														
going	to	North	Dakota	today	to	discuss	tax	reform	and	tax	cuts.	We	are	the	highest	taxed	nation	in	the	world	-	that	will	change.																													
has	6	months	to	legalize	DACA	(something	the	Obama	Administration	was	unable	to	do).	If	they	can't	I	will	revisit	this	issue!																																
forward	to	working	w/	D's	+	R's	in	Congress	to	address	immigration	reform	in	a	way	that	puts	hardworking	citizens	of	our	country	1st.																														
allowing	Japan	&amp;	South	Korea	to	buy	a	substantially	increased	amount	of	highly	sophisticated	military	equipment	from	the	United	States.																																		
ready	to	do	your	job	-	DACA!																																															
coming	up!																																																				
building	our	future	with	American	hands	American	labor	American	iron	aluminum	and	steel.	Happy	#LaborDay!	https://t.co/lyvtNfQ5IO																																						
States	is	considering	in	addition	to	other	options	stopping	all	trade	with	any	country	doing	business	with	North	Korea.																																			
be	meeting	General	Kelly	General	Mattis	and	other	military	leaders	at	the	White	House	to	discuss	North	Korea.	Thank	you.																																		
is	finding	as	I	have	told	them	that	their	talk	of	appeasement	with	North	Korea	will	not	work	they	only	understand	one	thing!																															
is	a	rogue	nation	which	has	become	a	great	threat	and	embarrassment	to	China	which	is	trying	to	help	but	with	little	success.																															
has	conducted	a	major	Nuclear	Test.	Their	words	and	actions	continue	to	be	very	hostile	and	dangerous	to	the	United	States.....																																	
SPIRIT	in	LA!	Thank	you	to	all	of	our	HEREOS	who	saved	many	lives.	An	honor	to	spend	time	w/	@NationalGuard	#LEOs	&amp;	the	#CajunNavy!	https://t.co/7PEtSL6RKF																												
is	National	Prayer	Day	(by	Presidential	Proclamation)!																																															
back	to	the	White	House	from	the	Great	States	of	Texas	and	Louisiana	where	things	are	going	well.	Such	cooperation	&amp;	coordination!																																
Index	rose	to	59%	the	highest	level	since	early	2011	-	and	we	can	do	much	better!																																					
will	prevail	in	the	GREAT	state	of	Texas.	We	love	you!GOD	BLESS	TEXAS	&amp;	GOD	BLESS	THE	USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/1rzmEenQIb																																			
are	with	you	today	we	are	with	you	tomorrow	and	we	will	be	with	you	EVERY	SINGLE	DAY	AFTER	to	restore	recover	and	REBUILD!	https://t.co/p1Fh8jmmFA																													
Texas	and	Louisiana	with	@FLOTUS	Melania	right	now	@JBA_NAFW.	We	will	see	you	soon.	America	is	with	you!	https://t.co/z3bHVdJVPr																																			
of	@FLOTUS	Melania	&amp;	myself	THANK	YOU	for	today's	update	&amp;	GREAT	WORK!	#SouthernBaptist	@SendRelief	@RedCross	&amp;	@SalvationArmyUS	https://t.co/DLgFNiCxN2																																			
be	going	to	Texas	and	Louisiana	tomorrow	with	First	Lady.	Great	progress	being	made!	Spending	weekend	working	at	White	House.																																		
up	5	months	in	a	row!																																																
J.	Trump	Proclaims	September	3	2017	as	a	National	Day	of	Prayer'	#HurricaneHarvey	#PrayForTexas	https://t.co/shen5JxChQ	https://t.co/MpLB7WpxfT																																						
healing	fast	thanks	to	all	of	the	great	men	&amp;	women	who	have	been	working	so	hard.	But	still	so	much	to	do.	Will	be	back	tomorrow!																											
done	at	a	record	clip.	Many	big	decisions	to	be	made	over	the	coming	days	and	weeks.	AMERICA	FIRST!																																			
Kelly	is	doing	a	great	job	as	Chief	of	Staff.	I	could	not	be	happier	or	more	impressed	-	and	this	Administration	continues	to..																														
like	James	Comey	exonerated	Hillary	Clinton	long	before	the	investigation	was	over...and	so	much	more.	A	rigged	system!																																				
heeling	fast	thanks	to	all	of	the	great	men	&amp;	women	who	have	been	working	so	hard.	But	still	so	much	to	do.	Will	be	back	tomorrow!																											
to	all	of	the	incredible	HEROES	in	Texas.	America	is	with	you!	#TexasStrong	https://t.co/8N4ABo9Ihp																																								
have	been	doing	heroic	work.	Their	courage	&amp;	devotion	has	saved	countless	lives	–	they	represent	the	very	best	of	America!	https://t.co/I0gvCQLTKO																																
Louisiana:	We	are	w/	you	today	we	are	w/	you	tomorrow	&amp;	we	will	be	w/	you	EVERY	SINGLE	DAY	AFTER	to	restore	recover	&amp;	REBUILD!	https://t.co/YQb82K2VSB																											
leaving	for	Missouri	soon	for	a	speech	on	tax	cuts	and	tax	reform	-	so	badly	needed!																																					
the	FALSE	reporting	and	even	ferocious	anger	in	some	dying	magazines	it	makes	me	wonder	WHY?	All	I	want	to	do	is	#MAGA!																															
first	hand	the	horror	&amp;	devastation	caused	by	Hurricane	Harveymy	heart	goes	out	even	more	so	to	the	great	people	of	Texas!																																
has	been	talking	to	North	Korea	and	paying	them	extortion	money	for	25	years.	Talking	is	not	the	answer!																																			
	We	are	not	looking	to	fill	all	of	those	positions.	Don't	need	many	of	them	-	reduce	size	of	government.	@IngrahamAngle																																
for	Texas!																																																				
in	Houston	and	all	over	Texas.	Floods	are	unprecedented	and	more	rain	coming.	Spirit	of	the	people	is	incredible.Thanks!																																			
operations	underway!																																																				
a	Cabinet	Meeting	(tele-conference)	at	11:00	A.M.	on	#Harvey.	Even	experts	have	said	they've	never	seen	one	like	this!																																			
in	the	NAFTA	(worst	trade	deal	ever	made)	renegotiation	process	with	Mexico	&amp;	Canada.Both	being	very	difficultmay	have	to	terminate?																																		
being	one	of	the	highest	crime	Nations	in	the	world	we	must	have	THE	WALL.	Mexico	will	pay	for	it	through	reimbursement/other.																																
Now	experts	are	calling	#Harvey	a	once	in	500	year	flood!	We	have	an	all	out	effort	going	and	going	well!																																	
also	be	going	to	a	wonderful	state	Missouri	that	I	won	by	a	lot	in	'16.	Dem	C.M.	is	opposed	to	big	tax	cuts.	Republican	will	win	S!																										
be	going	to	Texas	as	soon	as	that	trip	can	be	made	without	causing	disruption.	The	focus	must	be	life	and	safety.																																
are	now	saying	that	this	is	the	worst	storm/hurricane	they	have	ever	seen.	Good	news	is	that	we	have	great	talent	on	the	ground.																														
between	agencies	at	all	levels	of	government.	Continuing	rains	and	flash	floods	are	being	dealt	with.	Thousands	rescued.																																				
book	by	a	great	guy	highly	recommended!	https://t.co/3jbDDN8YmJ																																														
between	Federal	State	and	Local	Governments	in	the	Great	State	of	Texas	-	TEAMWORK!	Record	setting	rainfall.																																					
to	all	of	the	great	volunteers	helping	out	with	#HurricaneHarvey	relief	in	Texas!	https://t.co/Ds95oSgo8f																																								
#HurricaneHarvey	from	Camp	David.	We	are	leaving	nothing	to	chance.	City	State	and	Federal	Govs.	working	great	together!																																				
got	your	message	loud	and	clear.	We	have	fantastic	people	on	the	ground	got	there	long	before	#Harvey.	So	far	so	good!																																
doing	a	great	job	-	the	world	is	watching!	Be	safe.	https://t.co/PJLdxy3hD9																																										
remain	fully	engaged	w/	open	lines	of	communication	as	#HurricaneHarvey	makes	landfall.	America	is	w/	you!	@GovAbbott	@FEMA	@DHSgov	https://t.co/PryIqRxgLr																																		
pleased	to	inform	you	that	I	have	just	granted	a	full	Pardon	to	85	year	old	American	patriot	Sheriff	Joe	Arpaio.	He	kept	Arizona	safe!																													
request	of	the	Governor	of	Texas	I	have	signed	the	Disaster	Proclamation	which	unleashes	the	full	force	of	government	help!																																		
Hurricane	is	getting	much	bigger	and	more	powerful	than	projected.	Federal	Government	is	on	site	and	ready	to	respond.	Be	safe!																																	
at	Camp	David	where	I	am	monitoring	the	path	and	doings	of	Hurricane	Harvey	(as	it	strengthens	to	a	Class	3).	125	MPH	winds!																														
at	Camp	David	where	I	am	closely	watching	the	path	and	doings	of	Hurricane	Harvey	as	it	strengthens	to	a	Category	3	BE	SAFE!																														
everyone	in	the	path	of	#HurricaneHarvey	to	heed	the	advice	&amp;	orders	of	their	local	and	state	officials.	https://t.co/N6uEWCZUrv																																			
#HurricaneHarvey	briefing	this	morning	from	Acting	@DHSgov	Secretary	Elaine	Duke	@FEMA_Brock	@TomBossert45	and	COS	John	Kelly.	https://t.co/cnkRZd6D6Z																																					
spoken	w/	@GovAbbott	of	Texas	and	@LouisianaGov	Edwards.	Closely	monitoring	#HurricaneHarvey	developments	&amp;	here	to	assist	as	needed.																																				
by	Bob	Corker	considering	that	he	is	constantly	asking	me	whether	or	not	he	should	run	again	in	'18.	Tennessee	not	happy!																																
Retaking,America		Best,things,of,this,presidency,aren't,reported,about.,Convinced,this,will,be,perhaps,best,presidency,ever.																																																			
any	Administrations	have	done	more	in	just	7	months	than	the	Trump	A.	Bills	passed	regulations	killed	border	military	ISIS	SC!																																	
Kelly	is	doing	a	fantastic	job	as	Chief	of	Staff.	There	is	tremendous	spirit	and	talent	in	the	W.H.	Don't	believe	the	Fake	News																														
Republicans	don't	get	rid	of	the	Filibuster	Rule	and	go	to	a	51%	majority	few	bills	will	be	passed.	8	Dems	control	the	Senate!																														
HONOR	to	spend	time	with	our	BRAVE	HEROES	at	the	@USMC	Air	Station	Yuma.	THANK	YOU	for	your	service	to	the	United	States	of	America!	https://t.co/4lJ94nxODu																												
honor	to	spend	time	with	our	brave	HEROES	at	the	@USMC	Air	Station	Yuma.	THANK	YOU	for	your	service	to	the	United	Staes	of	America!	https://t.co/FUtGBoTJLo																												
intensifies	-	remember	to	#PlanAhead.	☑️https://t.co/FMdmvohypy☑️https://t.co/YL56ldeqoW	☑️https://t.co/t1s4AL3B47	https://t.co/tpXmOK70ug																																														
I	visited	with	the	incredible	men	&amp;	women	of	@ICEgov	&amp;	@DHSgov	Border	Patrol	in	Yuma	AZ.	Thank	you.	We	respect	&amp;	cherish	you!	https://t.co/KSQddGqWzJ																													
problem	I	have	with	Mitch	McConnell	is	that	after	hearing	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	for	7	years	he	failed!That	should	NEVER	have	happened!																																
who	famously	got	caught	lying	to	Congress	is	now	an	authority	on	Donald	Trump.	Will	he	show	you	his	beautiful	letter	to	me?																															
and	fun)	and	the	American	Legion	-	V.A.	(respectful	and	strong).	Too	bad	the	Dems	have	no	one	who	can	change	tones!																																
who	famously	got	caught	lying	to	Congress	is	now	an	authority	on	Donald	Trump.	Will	he	show	you	his	beautiful	letter	to	me?																															
and	fun)	and	the	American	Legion	-	V.A.	(respectful	and	strong).	To	bad	the	Dems	have	no	one	who	can	change	tones!																																
News	is	now	complaining	about	my	different	types	of	back	to	back	speeches.	Well	there	was	Afghanistan	(somber)	the	big	Rally.....																																	
and	fun)	and	the	American	Legion	-	V.A.	(respectful	and	strong).To	bad	the	Dems	have	no	one	who	can	change	tones!																																	
News	is	now	complaining	about	my	different	types	of	back	to	back	speeches.	Well	their	was	Afghanistan	(somber)	the	big	Rally.....																																	
it	so	now	we	have	a	big	deal	with	Dems	holding	them	up	(as	usual)	on	Debt	Ceiling	approval.	Could	have	been	so	easy-now	a	mess!																												
that	Mitch	M	&amp;	Paul	R	tie	the	Debt	Ceiling	legislation	into	the	popular	V.A.	Bill	(which	just	passed)	for	easy	approval.	They...																															
Ballard	on	behalf	of	the	people	of	the	United	States	THANK	YOU	for	your	courageous	service.	YOU	INSPIRE	US	ALL!	#ALConv2017	https://t.co/46m20cJkLB																																
honor	to	sign	the	Veterans	Appeals	Improvement	&amp;	Modernization	Act	into	law	w/	@AmericanLegion	@SecShulkin.🎥https://t.co/fr2sf9oRvd	https://t.co/bICsRm1tQx																																						
as	we	have	faith	in	each	other	and	confidence	in	our	values	then	there	is	no	challenge	too	great	for	us	to	conquer!	#ALConv2017	https://t.co/tsIAgHbFM7																													
Senate	doesn't	get	rid	of	the	Filibuster	Rule	&amp;	go	to	a	simple	majority	which	the	Dems	would	do	they	are	just	wasting	time!																														
in	Phoenix	I	read	the	things	from	my	statements	on	Charlottesville	that	the	Fake	News	Media	didn't	cover	fairly.	People	got	it!																																
last	night	was	amazing	-	a	packed	house.	I	love	the	Great	State	of	Arizona.	Not	a	fan	of	Jeff	Flake	weak	on	crime	&amp;	border!																												
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/RzePiucV3h																																																			
https://t.co/o7S6xoCBiC																																																					
does	the	media	give	a	platform	to	hate	groups	but	the	media	turns	a	blind	eye	to	the	gang	violence	on	our	streets!	https://t.co/Mau0B1qYIP																														
Arizona.	Beautiful	turnout	of	15000	in	Phoenix	tonight!	Full	coverage	of	rally	via	my	Facebook	at:	https://t.co/s0D12EFs40	https://t.co/WT4D9Vsen1																																				
to	all	of	the	great	men	and	women	at	the	U.S.	Customs	and	Border	Protection	facility	in	Yuma	Arizona	&amp;	around	the	United	States!	https://t.co/tjFx8XjhDz																													
push	onward	to	victory	w/hope	in	our	hearts	courage	in	our	souls	&amp;	everlasting	pride	in	each	&amp;	every	one	of	you.	God	Bless	America.	https://t.co/44QYFSq07a																												
at	7:00	P.M.	tonight	Phoenix	Arizona!	#MAGA🇺🇸Tickets:	https://t.co/2kUQfKqbsx	https://t.co/1w3LVkpESE																																													
for	our	fallen	heroes	who	died	while	serving	our	country	in	the	@USNavy	aboard	the		#USSJohnSMcCain	and	their	families.	https://t.co/t3kD8qj9Mt																																	
great	people	last	night	in	Fort	Myer	Virginia.	The	future	of	our	country	is	strong!																																							
the	NationFull	Video	&amp;	Transcript:https://t.co/FELdImTuUM	https://t.co/6ly3fNatiX																																																
to	the	men	and	women	of	Fort	Myer	and	every	member	of	the	U.S.	Military	at	home	and	abroad.	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/ticezYKkhz																																	
live	from	Fort	Myer	in	Arlington	Virginia.	➡️https://t.co/LOV4StdJDj																																														
the	very	dishonest	Fake	News	Media	is	out	of	control!	https://t.co/8J7y900VGK																																											
of	Liberty	University	was	fantastic	on	@foxandfriends.	The	Fake	News	should	listen	to	what	he	had	to	say.	Thanks	Jerry!																																		
prayers	are	w/	our	@USNavy	sailors	aboard	the	#USSJohnSMcCain	where	search	&amp;	rescue	efforts	are	underway.	https://t.co/DQU0zTRXNU																																					
to	Washington	after	working	hard	and	watching	some	of	the	worst	and	most	dishonest	Fake	News	reporting	I	have	ever	seen!																																	
to	applaud	the	many	protestors	in	Boston	who	are	speaking	out	against	bigotry	and	hate.	Our	country	will	soon	come	together	as	one!																															
country	has	been	divided	for	decades.	Sometimes	you	need	protest	in	order	to	heal	&amp;	we	will	heal	&amp;	be	stronger	than	ever	before!																														
country	has	been	divided	for	decades.	Sometimes	you	need	protest	in	order	to	heel	&amp;	we	will	heel	&amp;	be	stronger	than	ever	before!																														
by	all	law	enforcement	officers	and	Boston	Mayor	@Marty_Walsh.																																													
many	anti-police	agitators	in	Boston.	Police	are	looking	tough	and	smart!	Thank	you.																																									
will	be	a	tough	and	smart	new	voice	at	@BreitbartNews...maybe	even	better	than	ever	before.	Fake	News	needs	the	competition!																																		
spent	at	Camp	David	with	our	very	talented	Generals	and	military	leaders.	Many	decisions	made	including	on	Afghanistan.																																				
to	thank	Steve	Bannon	for	his	service.	He	came	to	the	campaign	during	my	run	against	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	-	it	was	great!	Thanks	S																													
and	prayers	are	with	the	@KissimmeePolice	and	their	loved	ones.	We	are	with	you!#LESM																																								
signed	the	Global	War	on	Terrorism	War	Memorial	Act	(#HR873.)	The	bill	authorizes....cont➡️https://t.co/c3zIkdtowc	https://t.co/re6n0MS0cj																																								
to	Bedminster	NJ	from	Camp	David.	GREAT	meeting	on	National	Security	the	Border	and	the	Military!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/Hjmcnnse9j																																				
directed	that	U.S.	Cyber	Command	be	elevated	to	the	status	of	a	Unified	Combatant	Command	focused	on....cont:	https://t.co/3iScfuMw9s																																				
Camp	David	for	major	meeting	on	National	Security	the	Border	and	the	Military	(which	we	are	rapidly	building	to	strongest	ever).																																	
Terrorism	must	be	stopped	by	whatever	means	necessary!	The	courts	must	give	us	back	our	protective	rights.	Have	to	be	tough!																																	
Democrats	make	Security	for	our	country	very	difficult.	They	use	the	courts	and	associated	delay	at	all	times.	Must	stop!																																		
and	law	enforcement	are	on	alert	&amp;	closely	watching	for	any	sign	of	trouble.	Our	borders	are	far	tougher	than	ever	before!																																
General	Pershing	of	the	United	States	did	to	terrorists	when	caught.	There	was	no	more	Radical	Islamic	Terror	for	35	years!																																	
States	condemns	the	terror	attack	in	Barcelona	Spain	and	will	do	whatever	is	necessary	to	help.	Be	tough	&amp;	strong	we	love	you!																															
that	is	being	taken	out	of	our	cities	towns	and	parks	will	be	greatly	missed	and	never	able	to	be	comparably	replaced!																																
history	but	you	can	learn	from	it.	Robert	E	Lee	Stonewall	Jackson	-	who's	next	Washington	Jefferson?	So	foolish!	Also...																																		
see	the	history	and	culture	of	our	great	country	being	ripped	apart	with	the	removal	of	our	beautiful	statues	and	monuments.	You.....																																
today	in	Bedminster	including	with	Secretary	Linda	M	and	Small	Business.	Job	numbers	are	looking	great!																																						
see	that	Dr.	Kelli	Ward	is	running	against	Flake	Jeff	Flake	who	is	WEAK	on	borders	crime	and	a	non-factor	in	Senate.	He's	toxic!																														
is	learning	(even	more	so)	how	dishonest	the	Fake	News	is.	They	totally	misrepresent	what	I	say	about	hate	bigotry	etc.	Shame!																																
like	Ms.	Heyer.	Such	a	disgusting	lie.	He	just	can't	forget	his	election	trouncing.The	people	of	South	Carolina	will	remember!																																		
Lindsey	Graham	falsely	stated	that	I	said	there	is	moral	equivalency	between	the	KKK	neo-Nazis	&amp;	white	supremacists......																																				
@MayorGimenez	for	following	the	RULE	OF	LAW!	Sanctuary	cities	make	our	country	LESS	SAFE!	Full	remarks:	https://t.co/Kz2EsQ3f1v	https://t.co/vD3BB3hyti																																				
at	7:00	P.M.	on	Tuesday	August	22nd	in	Phoenix	Arizona	at	the	Phoenix	Convention	Center!	Tickets	at:	https://t.co/2kUQfKqbsx	https://t.co/5ua74dlVtq																																			
Bedminster	I	signed	the	Harry	W.	Colmery	Veterans	Educational	Assistance	Act	of	2017	joined	by	@DeptVetAffairs	@SecShulkin.	https://t.co/oMUIZ8X7oB																																				
in	Bedminster	New	Jersey.	#MAGA	🎥https://t.co/6EQfmRzrnv																																																
putting	pressure	on	the	businesspeople	of	the	Manufacturing	Council	&amp;	Strategy	&amp;	Policy	Forum	I	am	ending	both.	Thank	you	all!																																	
today	for	beautiful	and	incredible	Heather	Heyer	a	truly	special	young	woman.	She	will	be	long	remembered	by	all!																																			
Luther	Strange	picked	up	a	lot	of	additional	support	since	my	endorsement.	Now	in	September	runoff.	Strong	on	Wall	&amp;	Crime!																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
Un	of	North	Korea	made	a	very	wise	and	well	reasoned	decision.	The	alternative	would	have	been	both	catastrophic	and	unacceptable!																																	
https://t.co/vhmv7Qoutk																																																					
Roy	Moore	and	Luther	Strange	for	being	the	final	two	and	heading	into	a	September	runoff	in	Alabama.	Exciting	race!																																		
doing	great	damage	to	tax	paying	retailers.	Towns	cities	and	states	throughout	the	U.S.	are	being	hurt	-	many	jobs	being	lost!																																
CEO	that	drops	out	of	the	Manufacturing	Council	I	have	many	to	take	their	place.	Grandstanders	should	not	have	gone	on.	JOBS!																																
in	Alabama.	Vote	for	Luther	Strange	he	will	be	great!																																												
to	report	just	out	President	Obama	knew	about	Russian	interference	3	years	ago	but	he	didn't	want	to	anger	Russia!																																		
Strange	who	is	doing	a	great	job	for	the	people	of	Alabama	will	be	on	@foxandfriends	at	7:15	Tough	on	crime	borders	etc.																															
to	be	home	after	seven	months	but	the	White	House	is	very	special	there	is	no	place	like	it...	and	the	U.S.	is	really	my	home!																												
remarks	on	Charlottesville	and	realize	once	again	that	the	#Fake	News	Media	will	never	be	satisfied...truly	bad	people!																																				
New	York	City	and	meetings	on	military	purchases	and	trade.																																												
in	Washington	D.C.	even	though	White	House	&amp;	Oval	Office	are	being	renovated.	Great	trade	deals	coming	for	American	workers!																																		
is	a	leader	in	higher	&amp;	higher	drug	prices	while	at	the	same	time	taking	jobs	out	of	the	U.S.	Bring	jobs	back	&amp;	LOWER	PRICES!																												
Ken	Frazier	of	Merck	Pharma	has	resigned	from	President's	Manufacturing	Councilhe	will	have	more	time	to	LOWER	RIPOFF	DRUG	PRICES!																																		
Democrats	have	given	us	(or	not	fixed)	some	of	the	worst	trade	deals	in	World	History.	I	am	changing	that	fast!																																	
of	the	Great	State	of	Alabama	has	my	endorsement.	He	is	strong	on	Border	&amp;	Wall	the	military	tax	cuts	&amp;	law	enforcement.																															
Washington	this	morning.	Much	work	to	do.	Focus	on	trade	and	military.	#MAGA																																									
the	family	of	the	young	woman	killed	today	and	best	regards	to	all	of	those	injured	in	Charlottesville	Virginia.	So	sad!																																	
to	the	families	&amp;	fellow	officers	of	the	VA	State	Police	who	died	today.	You're	all	among	the	best	this	nation	produces.																																
continue	to	follow	developments	in	Charlottesville	and	will	provide	whatever	assistance	is	needed.	We	are	ready	willing	and	able.	https://t.co/mCTYBgUePi																																		
remember	this	truth:	No	matter	our	color	creed	religion	or	political	party	we	are	ALL	AMERICANS	FIRST.	https://t.co/FesMiQSKKn																																				
vital	now	is	a	swift	restoration	of	law	and	order	and	the	protection	of	innocent	lives.#Charlottesville	https://t.co/DB22fgnu6L																																					
live	from	Bedminster	New	Jersey:	https://t.co/P3cRVvE0cY																																																
Bedminster	for	meetings	&amp;	press	conference	on	V.A.	&amp;	all	that	we	have	done	and	are	doing	to	make	it	better-but	Charlottesville	sad!																															
must	be	united	&amp;	condemn	all	that	hate	stands	for.	There	is	no	place	for	this	kind	of	violence	in	America.	Lets	come	together	as	one!																												
-	Following	National	Security	Briefing	in	Bedminster	New	Jersey.	🎥https://t.co/v5O8GglOIK	https://t.co/H1Zi5XRKEo																																											
on	the	campaign	trail	we	will	provide	opportunity	for	Americans	to	gain	skills	needed	to	succeed	&amp;	thrive	as	the	economy	grows!	https://t.co/ZycW4PPcU5																															
Bloomberg	https://t.co/X6KdszrxsS																																																				
to	make	sure	that	we	have	the	workforce	development	programs	we	need	to	ensure	these	jobs	are....	https://t.co/tyqbvvmBn4																																				
are	now	fully	in	placelocked	and	loadedshould	North	Korea	act	unwisely.		Hopefully	Kim	Jong	Un	will	find	another	path!																																		
																																																					
lead	the	U.S.	delegation	to	India	this	fall	supporting	women’s	entrepreneurship	globally.#GES2017	@narendramodi																																									
back	to	work	and	put	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	Tax	Reform	&amp;	Cuts	and	a	great	Infrastructure	Bill	on	my	desk	for	signing.	You	can	do	it!																												
believe	that	Mitch	McConnell	who	has	screamed	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	for	7	years	couldn't	get	it	done.	Must	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	ObamaCare!																																
																																																					
McConnell	said	I	had	excessive,expectations	but	I	don't	think	so.	After	7	years	of	hearing	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	why	not	done?																																	
will	never	have	to	use	this	power	but	there	will	never	be	a	time	that	we	are	not	the	most	powerful	nation	in	the	world!																													
order	as	President	was	to	renovate	and	modernize	our	nuclear	arsenal.	It	is	now	far	stronger	and	more	powerful	than	ever	before....																																
Strange	has	done	a	great	job	representing	the	people	of	the	Great	State	of	Alabama.	He	has	my	complete	and	total	endorsement!																																
days	rarely	has	any	Administration	achieved	what	we	have	achieved..not	even	close!	Don't	believe	the	Fake	News	Suppression	Polls!																																			
that	the	AmazonWashingtonPost	and	the	FailingNewYorkTimes	were	reluctant	to	cover	the	Clinton/Lynch	secret	meeting	in	plane.																																						
years	of	failurecountries	are	coming	together	to		finally	address	the	dangers	posed	by	North	Korea.	We	must	be	tough	&amp;	decisive!																																
be	holding	a	major	briefing	on	the	Opioid	crisis	a	major	problem	for	our	country	today	at	3:00	P.M.	in	Bedminster	N.J.																																
Senator	Blumenthal	should	take	a	nice	long	vacation	in	Vietnam	where	he	lied	about	his	service	so	he	can	at	least	say	he	was	there																													
longer	will	the	failing	nytimes	with	its	big	losses	and	massive	unfunded	liability	(and	non-existent	sources)	remain	in	business?																																			
News	Media	will	not	talk	about	the	importance	of	the	United	Nations	Security	Council's	15-0	vote	in	favor	of	sanctions	on	N.	Korea!																															
thank	all	the	brave	men	and	women	who	have	sacrificed	in	battle	for	this	GREAT	NATION!	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/QmfdLSLp6p																																				
brave	he	was	and	it	was	all	a	lie.	He	cried	like	a	baby	and	begged	for	forgiveness	like	a	child.	Now	he	judges	collusion?																													
U.S.history	has	anyone	lied	or	defrauded	voters	like	Senator	Richard	Blumenthal.	He	told	stories	about	his	Vietnam	battles	and....																																			
watch	Senator	Richard	Blumenthal	of	Connecticut	talking	about	hoax	Russian	collusion	when	he	was	a		phony	Vietnam	con	artist!																																		
from	New	Jersey	while	White	House	goes	through	long	planned	renovation.	Going	to	New	York	next	week	for	more	meetings.																																		
believe	that	with	24/7	#Fake	News	on	CNN	ABC	NBC	CBS	NYTIMES	&amp;	WAPO	the	Trump	base	is	getting	stronger!																																		
Court	pick	economic	enthusiasm	deregulation	&amp;	so	much	more	have	driven	the	Trump	base	even	closer	together.	Will	never	change!																																		
Virginia.	The	fact	is	the	Fake	News	Russian	collusion	story	record	Stock	Market	border	security	military	strength	jobs.....																																				
base	is	far	bigger	&amp;		stronger	than	ever	before	(despite	some	phony	Fake	News	polling).	Look	at	rallies	in	Penn	Iowa	Ohio.......																															
@nytimes	which	has	made	every	wrong	prediction	about	me	including	my	big	election	win	(apologized)	is	totally	inept!																																				
call	with	President	Moon	of	South	Korea.	Very	happy	and	impressed	with	15-0	United	Nations	vote	on	North	Korea	sanctions.																																		
News	refuses	to	report	the	success	of	the	first	6	months:	S.C.	surging	economy	&amp;	jobsborder	&amp;	military	securityISIS	&amp;	MS-13	etc.																																
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/g4ELhh9joH																																																			
Resolution	is	the	single	largest	economic	sanctions	package	ever	on	North	Korea.	Over	one	billion	dollars	in	cost	to	N.K.																																		
Nicole!	https://t.co/KlWN05uFOx																																																				
years	of	LEAKS	going	on	in	Washington	it	is	great	to	see	the	A.G.	taking	action!	For	National	Security	the	tougher	the	better!																															
Nations	Security	Council	just	voted	15-0	to	sanction	North	Korea.	China	and	Russia	voted	with	us.	Very	big	financial	impact!																																		
Bedminster	N.J.	as	long	planned	construction	is	being	done	at	the	White	House.	This	is	not	a	vacation	-	meetings	and	calls!																																
																																																					
coming	back	to	our	shores	because	we	are	putting	America	WORKERS	and	FAMILIES	first.	#AmericaFirst🇺🇸	https://t.co/4kTc6Om308																																						
being	done	by	@FEMA	@DHSgov	w/state	&amp;	local	leaders	to	prepare	for	hurricane	season.	Preparedness	is	an	investment	in	our	future!	https://t.co/e4rbchY3zM																																
the	mission	the	brave	men	&amp;	women	of	our	@USCG	proudly	answer	the	call	to	serve	24/7/365.	THANK	YOU	and	HAPPY	BIRTHDAY!	#CG227🇺🇸	https://t.co/GY555t0vzN																														
Numbers	just	released	-	and	I	have	only	just	begun.	Many	job	stifling	regulations	continue	to	fall.	Movement	back	to	USA!																																	
was	incredible	last	night.	Crowds	and	enthusiasm	were	beyond	GDP	at	3%	wow!Dem	Governor	became	a	Republican	last	night.																																			
is	at	a	16	year	high....and	for	good	reason.	Much	more	regulation	busting	to	come.	Working	hard	on	tax	cuts	&amp;	reform!																																
forget	that	Foxconn	will	be	spending	up	to	10	billion	dollars	on	a	top	of	the	line	plant/plants	in	Wisconsin.																																		
Mazda	to	build	a	new	$1.6B	plant	here	in	the	U.S.A.	and	create	4K	new	American	jobs.	A	great	investment	in	American	manufacturing!																															
West	Virginia!	All	across	the	country	Americans	of	every	kind	are	coming	together	w/one	simple	goal:	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/thRh7htVbH																																
in	West	Virginia	for	a	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	rally	in	Huntington	at	7:00pmE.	Massive	crowd	expected	-	tune	in!	#MAGA🇺🇸																																	
VETERANS	can	now	connect	w/	their	VA	healthcare	team	from	anywhere	using	#VAVideoConnect	-	available	at:	https://t.co/WFFHLWn8nF.	https://t.co/Dmq4htSps9																																				
	announced	another	historic	breakthrough	for	the	VA.	We	are	working	tirelessly	to	keep	our	promises	to	our	GREAT	VETERANS!	#USA	https://t.co/LexSINeM1J																																
tonight	Huntington	West	Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸Tickets:	https://t.co/ERU0xUWdCr	https://t.co/obtDsdV94t																																																
with	Russia	is	at	an	all-time	&amp;	very	dangerous		low.	You	can	thank	Congress	the	same	people	that	can't	even	give	us	HCare!																														
continuing	to	get	rid	of	costly	and	unnecessary	regulations.	Much	work	left	to	do	but	effect	will	be	great!	Business	&amp;	jobs	will	grow.																														
looking	better	than	ever	with	business	enthusiasm	at	record	levels.	Stock	Market	at	an	all-time	high.	That	doesn't	just	happen!																																		
the	White	House	one	of	the	most	beautiful	buildings	(homes)	I	have	ever	seen.	But	Fake	News	said	I	called	it	a	dump	-	TOTALLY	UNTRUE																												
on	creating	a	merit-based	immigration	system	that	protects	U.S.	workers	&amp;	taxpayers.	Watch:	https://t.co/lv3ScSKnF6	#RAISEAct	https://t.co/zCFK5OfYnB																																						
																																																					
my	great	honor	to	pay	tribute	to	a	VET	who	went	above	&amp;	beyond	the	call	of	duty	to	PROTECT	our	COMRADES	our	COUNTRY	&amp;	OUR	FREEDOM!	https://t.co/YS6y1WR30G																										
owners	are	the	DREAMERS	&amp;	INNOVATORS	who	are	powering	us	into	the	future!Read	more	and	watch	here:	https://t.co/hZE3fUqKDf	https://t.co/TJn5x6HrFG																																			
Fake	News	Media	and	Trump	enemies	want	me	to	stop	using	Social	Media	(110	million	people).	Only	way	for	me	to	get	the	truth	out!																													
you	Stuart	Varney	@foxandfriends	Jobs	are	starting	to	roarwatch!																																													
could	hit	all-time	high	(again)	22000	today.	Was	18000	only	6	months	ago	on	Election	Day.	Mainstream	media	seldom	mentions!																																		
day	at	the	White	House!																																																	
Market	EVER	best	economic	numbers	in	years	unemployment	lowest	in	17	years	wages	raising	border	secure	S.C.:	No	WH	chaos!																																		
is	hurting	people	&amp;	it	is	why	shouldn't	it	hurt	the	insurance	companies	&amp;	why	should	Congress	not	be	paying	what	public	pays?																															
up	Republican	Senators	the	World	is	watching:	Repeal	&amp;	Replace...and	go	to	51	votes	(nuke	option)	get	Cross	State	Lines	&amp;	more.																																
NOTHING	for	us	with	North	Korea	just	talk.	We	will	no	longer	allow	this	to	continue.	China	could	easily	solve	this	problem!																																
very	disappointed	in	China.	Our	foolish	past	leaders	have	allowed	them	to	make	hundreds	of	billions	of	dollars	a	year	in	trade	yet...																															
reading	about	all	of	the	geniuses	who	were	so	instrumental	in	my	election	success.	Problem	is	most	don't	exist.	#Fake	News!	MAGA																																
Republican	Senators	are	total	quitters	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	is	not	dead!	Demand	another	vote	before	voting	on	any	other	bill!																																		
Market	up	almost	20%	since	Election!																																																
new	HealthCare	Bill	is	not	approved	quickly	BAILOUTS	for	Insurance	Companies	and	BAILOUTS	for	Members	of	Congress	will	end	very	soon!																																	
years	of	talking	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	the	people	of	our	great	country	are	still	being	forced	to	live	with	imploding	ObamaCare!																																	
Senate	Democrats	ever	got	the	chance	they	would	switch	to	a	51	majority	vote	in	first	minute.	They	are	laughing	at	R's.	MAKE	CHANGE!																														
totally	control	the	U.S.	Senate.	Many	great	Republican	bills	will	never	pass	like	Kate's	Law	and	complete	Healthcare.	Get	smart!																																		
the	Senate	will	NEVER	win	if	they	don't	go	to	a	51	vote	majority	NOW.	They	look	like	fools	and	are	just	wasting	time......																														
outdated	filibuster	rule	must	go.	Budget	reconciliation	is	killing	R's	in	Senate.	Mitch	M	go	to	51	Votes	NOW	and	WIN.	IT'S	TIME!																															
must	get	rid	of	60	vote	NOW!	It	is	killing	the	R	Party	allows	8	Dems	to	control	country.	200	Bills	sit	in	Senate.	A	JOKE!																												
words	Russia	was	against	Trump	in	the	2016	Election	-	and	why	not	I	want	strong	military	&amp;	low	oil	prices.	Witch	Hunt!	https://t.co/mMSxj4Su5z																														
defend	our	country	protect	our	communities	and	put	the	safety	of	the	AMERICAN	PEOPLE	FIRST!	Replay:	https://t.co/dcZxPKOPZ9	https://t.co/0NGiIhGY18																																				
like	to	thank	Reince	Priebus	for	his	service	and	dedication	to	his	country.	We	accomplished	a	lot	together	and	I	am	proud	of	him!																														
Great	Leader.	John	has	also	done	a	spectacular	job	at	Homeland	Security.	He	has	been	a	TRUE	star	of	my	Administration																																	
pleased	to	inform	you	that	I	have	just	named	General/Secretary	John	F	Kelly	as	White	House	Chief	of	Staff.	He	is	a	Great	American....																														
Long	Island	now.	An	area	under	siege	from	#MS13	gang	members.	We	will	not	rest	until	#MS13	is	eradicated.	#LESM	https://t.co/GsgbBUXyHS																																	
always	ENFORCE	our	laws	PROTECT	our	borders	and	SUPPORT	our	police!	#LESMHarrisburg	Pennsylvania	#FlashbackFriday	#MS13	https://t.co/79Tskiv69j																																						
parts	of	healthcare	could	pass	at	51	some	really	good	things	need	60	So	many	great	future	bills	&amp;	budgets	need	60	votes....																															
are	going	to	pass	great	future	legislation	in	the	Senate	they	must	immediately	go	to	a	51	vote	majority	not	senseless	60...																																
and	48	Democrats	let	the	American	people	down.	As	I	said	from	the	beginning	let	ObamaCare	implode	then	deal.	Watch!																																		
Senators	Go!	Get	there	after	waiting	for	7	years.	Give	America	great	healthcare!																																									
my	great	HONOR	to	present	our	nation's	highest	award	for	a	public	safety	officer	-	THE	MEDAL	OF	VALOR	to	FIVE	AMERICAN	HEROES!	https://t.co/j7ceXuBZ3f																														
gathered	in	the	East	Room	to	pay	tribute	to	the	HEROES	whose	courageous	actions	under	fire	saved	so	many	lives	in	Alexandria	VA.	https://t.co/it52TkLsye																														
live	as	we	recognize	the	first	responders	to	the	June	14th	shooting	involving	@SteveScalise.	#TeamScalise	https://t.co/qOolNmB65d	https://t.co/6OCn9JfMAG																																					
being	made	in	ridding	our	country	of	MS-13	gang	members	and	gang	members	in	general.	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AGAIN!																																			
candidate	Trump."	Catherine	Herridge	@FoxNews.	So	why	doesn't	Fake	News	report	this?	Witch	Hunt!	Purposely	phony	reporting.																																					
powerful	T.V.	show	in	America."																																																	
Foxconn	for	investing	$10 	BILLION	DOLLARS	with	the	potential	for	up	to	13K	new	jobs	in	Wisconsin!	MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸	https://t.co/jJghVeb63s																																			
Boys	and	Girls	Nation.	It	was	my	great	honor	to	welcome	you	to	the	WH	today!	Full	Remarks:	https://t.co/Pb5FTTOyWf	https://t.co/U6tfV93dDG																																		
WE	DON'T	WORSHIP	GOVERNMENT	-	WE	WORSHIP	GOD!🎥https://t.co/jIejSgVnnA																																														
($700,000)	for	his	wife's	political	run	from	Hillary	Clinton	and	her	representatives.	Drain	the	Swamp!																																							
A.G.	Sessions	replace	Acting	FBI	Director	Andrew	McCabe	a	Comey	friend	who	was	in	charge	of	Clinton	investigation	but	got....																																		
cannot	be	burdened	with	the	tremendous	medical	costs	and	disruption	that	transgender	in	the	military	would	entail.	Thank	you																																			
to		serve	in	any	capacity	in	the	U.S.	Military.	Our	military	must	be	focused	on	decisive	and	overwhelming.....																																			
with	my	Generals	and	military	experts	please	be	advised	that	the	United	States	Government	will	not	accept	or	allow......																																			
of	the	Great	State	of	Alaska	really	let	the	Republicans	and	our	country	down	yesterday.	Too	bad!																																					
in	Ohio	was	amazing	last	night	-	broke	all	records.	We	all	had	a	great	time	in	a	great	State.	Will	be	back	soon!																														
Ohio	are	fantastic.	Thank	you	so	much.	What	an	evening!	https://t.co/KM0zoaULYH																																											
my	great	honor	to	join	our	wonderful	Veterans	at	AMVETS	Post	44	in	Youngstown	Ohio	this	evening.	A	grateful	nation	salutes	you!	https://t.co/RxobYHP1oR																															
in	Youngstown	Ohio	with	@FLOTUS	Melania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸🎥https://t.co/A1mrxSksR3	https://t.co/jWX9yBlX8z																																															
for	coming	to	D.C.	for	such	a	vital	vote.	Congrats	to	all	Rep.	We	can	now	deliver	grt	healthcare	to	all	Americans!																																
Conference	with	Prime	Minister	Saad	Hariri	of	Lebanon	beginning	shortly.	Join	us	live!➡️https://t.co/7pquWbEutn	https://t.co/JHVHKgrPOY																																								
JOBS	JOBS!	https://t.co/LuOaR1Iz2e																																																			
people	have	waited	long	enough.	There	has	been	enough	talk	and	no	action	for	seven	years.	Now	is	the	time	for	action!	https://t.co/VdTiYL0Ua7																															
traveling	to	the	Great	State	of	Ohio	tonight.	Big	crowd	expected.	See	you	there!																																								
be	a	very	interesting	day	for	HealthCare.The	Dems	are	obstructionists	but	the	Republicans	can	have	a	great	victory	for	the	people!																																	
major	Trade	Deal	with	the	United	Kingdom.	Could	be	very	big	&amp;	exciting.	JOBS!	The	E.U.	is	very	protectionist	with	the	U.S.	STOP!																															
did	very	well	yesterday	in	proving	he	did	not	collude	with	the	Russians.	Witch	Hunt.	Next	up	11	year	old	Barron	Trump!																																
that	John	McCain	is	coming	back	to	vote.	Brave	-	American	hero!	Thank	you	John.																																							
torturing	the	American	People.The	Democrats	have	fooled	the	people	long	enough.	Repeal	or	Repeal	&amp;	Replace!	I	have	pen	in	hand.																																	
for	HealthCare.	After	7	years	of	talking	we	will	soon	see	whether	or	not	Republicans	are	willing	to	step	up	to	the	plate!																															
that	the	acting	head	of	the	FBI	&amp;	the	person	in	charge	of	the	Hillary	investigation	Andrew	McCabe	got	$700,000 	from	H	for	wife!																														
Jeff	Sessions	has	taken	a	VERY	weak	position	on	Hillary	Clinton	crimes	(where	are	E-mails	&amp;	DNC	server)	&amp;	Intel	leakers!																																	
to	sabotage	Trump	campaign	-	quietly,working,to,boost,Clinton.	So	where	is	the	investigation	A.G.	@seanhannity																																									
News	Washington	Post	being	used	as	a	lobbyist	weapon	against	Congress	to	keep	Politicians	from	looking	into	Amazon	no-tax	monopoly?																																		
stories	about	me	in	the	@washingtonpost	are	Fake	News.	They	are	as	bad	as	ratings	challenged	@CNN.	Lobbyist	for	Amazon	and	taxes?																																
Washington	Post	fabricated	the	facts	on	my	ending	massive	dangerous	and	wasteful	payments	to	Syrian	rebels	fighting	Assad.....																																				
your	duty.	Honor	your	history.	Take	care	of	the	people	God	puts	into	your	life	–	and	LOVE	&amp;	CHERISH	your	country!	https://t.co/DnNYxGJm4I																															
who	votes	against	starting	debate	is	telling	America	that	you	are	fine	w/	the	#OCareNightmare!	Remarks:	https://t.co/tSvWaMdxBA	https://t.co/DI7e78hr6N																																				
Joint	Base	Andrews	with	@SecretaryPerry	@SecretaryZinke	and	@SecPriceMD.....	https://t.co/Yxm94XKtuv																																													
a	last	chance	to	do	the	right	thing	on	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	after	years	of	talking	&amp;	campaigning	on	it.																																		
Schiff	the	totally	biased	Congressman	looking	into	Russia	spends	all	of	his	time	on	television	pushing	the	Dem	loss	excuse!																																		
aren't	the	Committees	and	investigators	and	of	course	our	beleaguered	A.G.	looking	into	Crooked	Hillarys	crimes	&amp;	Russia	relations?																																			
year	of	investigation	with	Zero	evidence	being	found	Chuck	Schumer	just	stated	that	Democrats,should,blame,ourselvesnot,Russia.																																								
Swamp	should	be	changed	to	Drain	the	Sewer	-	it's	actually	much	worse	than	anyone	ever	thought	and	it	begins	with	the	Fake	News!																														
to	@LOUDOBBS	for	giving	the	first	six	months	of	the	Trump	Administration	an	A+.	S.C.reg	cuttingStock	M	jobsborder	etc.	=	TRUE!																																	
don't	Repeal	and	Replace	the	disastrous	ObamaCare	the	repercussions	will	be	far	greater	than	any	of	them	understand!																																				
to	read	the	Failing	New	York	Times	or	the	Amazon	Washington	Post	because	every	story/opinion	even	if	should	be	positive	is	bad!																																
sad	that	Republicans	even	some	that	were	carried	over	the	line	on	my	back	do	very	little	to	protect	their	President.																																	
phony	Russian	Witch	Hunt	continues	two	groups	are	laughing	at	this	excuse	for	a	lost	election	taking	hold	Democrats	and	Russians!																																	
PATRIOT	who	will	serve	on	the	#USSGeraldRFord:☑️Keep	the	watch🇺🇸☑️Protect	her🇺🇸☑️Defend	her🇺🇸☑️LOVE	HER🇺🇸Good	Luck	&amp;	Godspeed!	https://t.co/shcz5GQkCh																																						
&amp;	American	hands	have	constructed	a	100000	ton	message	to	the	world:	American	MIGHT	IS	SECOND	TO	NONE!#USSGeraldRFord	#USA	https://t.co/Pibf37Eybg																																		
is	only	as	good	as	the	people	who	serve	on	it	—	and	the	AMERICAN	SAILOR	is	the	BEST	in	the	world.	@USNavy	#USSGeraldRFord	https://t.co/YmiTLXcCEh																													
live	for	the	commissioning	ceremony	of	the	USS	Gerald	R.	Ford!➡️https://t.co/F78iOR64TW	#USA	https://t.co/PrVceEmPOB																																									
dead	and	the	Democrats	are	obstructionists	no	ideas	or	votes	only	obstruction.	It	is	solely	up	to	the	52	Republican	Senators!																																	
Senators	must	step	up	to	the	plate	and	after	7	years	vote	to	Repeal	and	Replace.	Next	Tax	Reform	and	Infrastructure.	WIN!																																
fairness	to	Anthony	Scaramucci	he	wanted	to	endorse	me	1st	before	the	Republican	Primaries	started	but	didn't	think	I	was	running!																																	
Donald	openly	gave	his	e-mails	to	the	media	&amp;	authorities	whereas	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	deleted	(&amp;	acid	washed)	her	33000	e-mails!																																	
all	of	the	Clinton	ties	to	Russia	including	Podesta	Company	Uranium	deal	Russian	Reset	big	dollar	speeches	etc.																																				
people	are	asking	why	isn't	the	A.G.	or	Special	Council	looking	at	the	many	Hillary	Clinton	or	Comey	crimes.	33000	e-mails	deleted?																																
agree	the	U.	S.	President	has	the	complete	power	to	pardon	why	think	of	that	when	only	crime	so	far	is	LEAKS	against	us.FAKE	NEWS																													
I	will	be	going	to	the	Commissioning	Ceremony	for	the	largest	aircraft	carrier	in	the	world	The	Gerald	R.	Ford.		Norfolk	Va.																															
New	York	Times	foiled	U.S.	attempt	to	kill	the	single	most	wanted	terroristAl-Baghdadi.Their	sick	agenda	over	National	Security																																				
INTELLIGENCE	LEAK	from	the	Amazon	Washington	Postthis	time	against	A.G.	Jeff	Sessions.These	illegal	leaks	like	Comey's	must	stop!																																				
is	a	wonderful	person	who	took	tremendous	abuse	from	the	Fake	News	Media	-	but	his	future	is	bright!																																			
was	my	privilege	to	welcome	survivors	of	the	#USSArizona	to	the	@WhiteHouse.	#HonorThem🇺🇸Remarks:	https://t.co/gySxxqazBl	https://t.co/6IPmbqVi10																																							
was	my	privilege	to	welcome	survivors	of	the	#USSArizona	to	the	WH.	Remarks:	https://t.co/gySxxqazBlhttps://t.co/gySxxqazBl	https://t.co/ZJaLAfBcv0																																							
optimism	reported	in	the	1st	qtr	has	carried	into	the	2nd	qtr	of	2017	via	@ShopFloorNAM:https://t.co/a42fNElct1	https://t.co/WHZtcAxhRQ																																					
week	we	hosted	a	#MadeInAmerica	event	right	here	at	the	@WhiteHouse!	If	it	is	MADE	IN	AMERICA	it	is	the	BEST!	USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/q4vB9GdE5y																															
@VarneyCo🎥https://t.co/s7fYOicWGV	https://t.co/x9MeUzDom6																																																				
																																																					
dollars	in	investments	&amp;	thousands	of	new	jobs	in	America!	An	initiative	via	Corning	Merck	&amp;	Pfizer:	https://t.co/QneN48bSiq	https://t.co/5VtMfuY3PM																																			
asking	all	citizens	to	believe	in	yourselves	believe	in	your	future	and	believe	once	more	in	America.	#AmericaFirst🇺🇸	https://t.co/NOnhJyWp4J																																			
Pentagon	after	meetings	with	@VP	Pence	Secretary	James	Mattis	and	our	great	teams.	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/5d1MSzhjQS																																							
I	send	our	thoughts	and	prayers	to	Senator	McCain	Cindy	and	their	entire	family.	Get	well	soon.	https://t.co/fONWVlmYyz																																				
never	discuss	how	good	their	healthcare	bill	is	&amp;	it	will	get	even	better	at	lunchtime.The	Dems	scream	death	as	OCare	dies!																																
be	having	lunch	at	the	White	House	today	with	Republican	Senators	concerning	healthcare.	They	MUST	keep	their	promise	to	America!																																		
News	is	becoming	more	and	more	dishonest!	Even	a	dinner	arranged	for	top	20	leaders	in	Germany	is	made	to	look	sinister!																																
story	of	secret	dinner	with	Putin	is	sick.	All	G	20	leaders	and	spouses	were	invited	by	the	Chancellor	of	Germany.	Press	knew!																															
must	go	to	a	51	vote	majority	instead	of	current	60	votes.	Even	parts	of	full	Repeal	need	60	8	Dems	control	Senate.	Crazy!																														
a	very	small	majority	the	Republicans	in	the	House	&amp;	Senate	need	more	victories	next	year	since	Dems	totally	obstruct	no	votes!																																
have	always	said	let	ObamaCare	fail	and	then	come	together	and	do	a	great	healthcare	plan.	Stay	tuned!																																				
let	down	by	all	of	the	Democrats	and	a	few	Republicans.	Most	Republicans	were	loyal	terrific	&amp;	worked	really	hard.	We	will	return!																															
just	REPEAL	failing	ObamaCare	now	&amp;	work	on	a	new	Healthcare	Plan	that	will	start	from	a	clean	slate.	Dems	will	join	in!																															
would	have	gone	to	a	meeting	like	the	one	Don	jr	attended	in	order	to	get	info	on	an	opponent.	That's	politics!																																
to	Washington	D.C.	Much	will	be	accomplished	this	week	on	trade	the	military	and	security!																																							
Sung	Hyun	Park	on	winning	the	2017	@USGA	#USWomensOpen🇺🇸																																													
at	the	@USGA		#USWomensOpen.	An	amateur	player	is	co-leading	for	the	first	time	in	many	decades	-	very	exciting!																																		
will	provide	essential	capabilities	to	keep	America	safe.	Our	sailors	are	the	best	anywhere	in	the	world.	Congratulations!	https://t.co/yTnMwSh1Kg																																			
Post	Poll	even	though	almost	40%	is	not	bad	at	this	time	was	just	about	the	most	inaccurate	poll	around	election	time!																																
of	its	phony	unnamed	sources	&amp;	highly	slanted	&amp;	even	fraudulent	reporting	#Fake	News	is	DISTORTING	DEMOCRACY	in	our	country!																																		
to	former	campaign	adviser	Michael	Caputo	for	saying	so	powerfully	that	there	was	no	Russian	collusion	in	our	winning	campaign.																																		
to	all	of	the	supporters	who	far	out-numbered	the	protesters	yesterday	at	the	Women's	U.S.	Open.	Very	cool!																																				
illegally	get	the	questions	to	the	Debate	&amp;	delete	33000	emails	but	my	son	Don	is	being	scorned	by	the	Fake	News	Media?																															
played	great	today	at	the	@USGA	#USWomensOpen🇺🇸	I	look	forward	to	being	there	tomorrow	for	the	final	round!	https://t.co/2oWyptgfIY																																			
to	the	#USWomensOpen	in	Bedminster	New	Jersey.	People	are	really	happy	with	record	high	stock	market	-	up	over	17%	since	election!																																
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/3eYF3nir4B																																																			
the	Senate	is	going	to	vote	on	legislation	to	save	Americans	from	the	ObamaCare	DISASTER.	#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸	https://t.co/xjVDkgo1NK																																					
at	the	Women's	U.S.	Open	today!																																																
hit	another	all-time	high	yesterday	-	despite	the	Russian	hoax	story!	Also	jobs	numbers	are	starting	to	look	very	good!																																		
at	new	all-time	high!	Working	on	new	trade	deals	that	will	be	great	for	U.S.	and	its	workers!																																				
be	at	the	@USGA	#USWomensOpen	in	Bedminster	NJ	tomorrow.	Big	crowds	expected	&amp;	the	women	are	playing	great-should	be	very	exciting!																																	
serve	as	Commander-in-Chief	to	the	courageous	men	and	women	of	our	U.S.	Armed	Forces.	A	grateful	nation	thanks	you!	https://t.co/wERNV7J4oO																																		
you	for	inviting	Melania	and	myself	to	such	a	historic	celebration	in	France.	#BastilleDay	#14juillet	https://t.co/KZjJQOo0H1																																						
from	Paris	France.	It	was	an	incredible	visit	with	President	@EmmanuelMacron.	A	lot	discussed	and	accomplished	in	two	days!																																			
for	U.S.A.	Will	be	heading	to	New	Jersey	and	attending	the#USWomensOpen	their	most	important	tournament	this	afternoon.																																					
with	President	@EmmanuelMacron	and	his	representatives	on	trade	military	and	security.																																											
States	mourns	for	the	victims	of	Nice	France.	We	pledge	our	solidarity	with	France	against	terror.	🇺🇸🇫🇷	https://t.co/7irbz08oT3																																				
a	great	honor	to	represent	the	United	States	at	the	magnificent	#BastilleDay	parade.	Congratulations	President	@EmmanuelMacron!	https://t.co/1J4vZiy98y																																					
Pence	is	working	hard	on	HealthCare	and	getting	our	wonderful	Republican	Senators	to	do	what	is	right	for	the	people.																																		
of	these	years	of	suffering	thru	ObamaCare	Republican	Senators	must	come	through	as	they	have	promised!																																						
Rep	Senators	under	leadership	of	@SenateMajLdr	McConnell	get	healthcare	plan	approved.	After	7yrs	of	O'Care	disaster	must	happen!																																				
are	working	hard	to	get	their	failed	ObamaCare	replacement	approved.	I	will	be	at	my	desk	pen	in	hand!																																			
with	President	@EmmanuelMacron	&amp;	Mrs.	Macron.	Went	to	Eiffel	Tower	for	dinner.	Relationship	with	France	stronger	than	ever.	https://t.co/ib1pdUYoEU																																			
meetings	at	Élysée	Palace	w/	President	@EmmanuelMacron.	The	friendship	between	our	two	nations	and	ourselves	is	unbreakable.	https://t.co/IOSoC0MdPv																																				
you	for	the	beautiful	welcome	ceremony	at	Les	Invalides	today!	https://t.co/RKir1GcRrB																																											
I	were	thrilled	to	join	the	dedicated	men	and	women	of	the	@USEmbassyFrance	members	of	the	U.S.	Military	and	their	families.	https://t.co/ZSdsJ0Bsbl																																
in	Paris	France	with	@FLOTUS	Melania.	https://t.co/knULGOQF1K																																															
today	for	building	the	wall.	It	will	secure	the	border	&amp;	save	lives.	Now	the	full	House	&amp;	Senate	must	act!	➡️https://t.co/TTg7lvBdo2	https://t.co/xhiknXko70																															
JOBS!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/HScS4Y9ZJK																																																			
hits	another	high	with	spirit	and	enthusiasm	so	positive.	Jobs	outlook	looking	very	good!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/Vwxsb2vWGe																																						
to	leave	for	France	@	the	invitation	of	President	Macron	to	celebrate	&amp;	honor	Bastille	Day	and	100yrs	since	U.S.	entry	into	WWI.																															
																																																					
is	functioning	perfectly	focused	on	HealthCare	Tax	Cuts/Reform	&amp;	many	other	things.	I	have	very	little	time	for	watching	T.V.																																		
the	same	standards	placed	on	the	Democrats.	Look	what	Hillary	Clinton	may	have	gotten	away	with.	Disgraceful!																																					
Democrats,have,willfully,used,Moscow,disinformation,to,influence,the,presidential,election,against,Donald,Trump.																																																					
on	the	run	&amp;	will	soon	be	wiped	out	of	Syria	&amp;	Iraq	illegal	border	crossings	are	way	down	-75%	&amp;	MS	13	gangs	are	being	removed.																											
you	hear	the	words	sources,say	from	the	Fake	Media	often	times	those	sources	are	made	up	and	do	not	exist.																																		
Donald	did	a	good	job	last	night.	He	was	open	transparent	and	innocent.	This	is	the	greatest	Witch	Hunt	in	political	history.	Sad!																															
Donald	will	be	interviewed	by	@seanhannity	tonight	at	10:00	P.M.	He	is	a	great	person	who	loves	our	country!																																			
against	ISIS!																																																				
crash	in	Mississippi	is	heartbreaking.	Melania	and	I	send	our	deepest	condolences	to	all!																																								
to	get	the	Olympics	for	the	United	States	(L.A.).	Stay	tuned!																																											
Democrats	have	only	confirmed	48	of	197	Presidential	Nominees.	They		can't	win	so	all	they	do	is	slow	things	down	&amp;	obstruct!																															
Clinton	were	asked	to	hold	the	seat	for	her	motheras	her	mother	gave	our	country	away	the	Fake	News	would	say	CHELSEA	FOR	PRES!																														
left	Conference	Room	for	short	meetings	with	Japan	and	other	countries	I	asked	Ivanka	to	hold	seat.	Very	standard.	Angela	M	agrees!																																
imagine	that	Congress	would	dare	to	leave	Washington	without	a	beautiful	new	HealthCare	bill	fully	approved	and	ready	to	go!																																		
leaked	CLASSIFIED	INFORMATION	to	the	media.	That	is	so	illegal!																																												
that	President	Putin	and	I	discussed	a	Cyber	Security	unit		doesn't	mean	I	think	it	can	happen.	It	can't-but	a	ceasefire	can&amp;	did!																														
seems	to	be	holding.	Many	lives	can	be	saved.	Came	out	of	meeting.	Good!																																								
even	as	a	civilian	I	listened	as	Republicans	pushed	the	Repeal	and	Replace	of	ObamaCare.	Now	they	finally	have	their	chance!																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/NVDVRrWLs4																																																			
not	discussed	at	my	meeting	with	President	Putin.	Nothing	will	be	done	until	the	Ukrainian	&amp;	Syrian	problems	are	solved!																																		
Fake	News	said	17	intel	agencies	when	actually	4	(had	to	apologize).	Why	did	Obama	do	NOTHING	when	he	had	info	before	election?																															
Questions	were	asked	about	why	the	CIA	&amp;	FBI	had	to	ask	the	DNC	13	times	for	their	SERVER	and	were	rejected	still	don't....																														
I	discussed	forming	an	impenetrable	Cyber	Security	unit				so	that	election	hacking	&amp;	many	other	negative	things	will	be	guarded..																															
a	ceasefire	in	parts	of	Syria	which	will	save	lives.	Now	it	is	time	to	move	forward	in	working	constructively	with	Russia!																																
pressed	President	Putin	twice	about	Russian	meddling	in	our	election.	He	vehemently	denied	it.	I've	already	given	my	opinion.....																																			
20	Summit	was	a	great	success	for	the	U.S.	-	Explained	that	the	U.S.	must	fix	the	many	bad	trade	deals	it	has	made.	Will	get	done!																											
@SenatorDole	very	kind!	https://t.co/cXrYiK46Qq																																																		
for	Washington	D.C.	and	the	WH.	Just	left	China’s	President	Xi	where	we	had	an	excellent	meeting	on	trade	&amp;	North	Korea.																																
&amp;	military	did	a	spectacular	job	in	Hamburg.	Everybody	felt	totally	safe	despite	the	anarchists.	@PolizeiHamburg	#G20Summit																																					
was	a	wonderful	success	and	carried	out	beautifully	by	Chancellor	Angela	Merkel.	Thank	you!																																								
fight	the	#FakeNews	with	you!	https://t.co/zOMiXTeLJq																																																
day	with	world	leaders	at	the	#G20Summit	here	in	Hamburg	Germany.	Looking	forward	to	day	two!	#USA	https://t.co/bLKgZKQemw																																				
“Trump’s	Defining	Speech”	WSJ	Editorial:	https://t.co/YuDgVfRroR	https://t.co/T0R4u4IHDJ																																															
represent	our	country	well	and	fight	for	its	interests!	Fake	News	Media	will	never	cover	me	accurately	but	who	cares!	We	will	#MAGA!																															
forward	to	all	meetings	today	with	world	leaders	including	my	meeting	with	Vladimir	Putin.	Much	to	discuss.#G20Summit	#USA🇺🇸																																				
is	talking	about	why	John	Podesta	refused	to	give	the	DNC	server	to	the	FBI	and	the	CIA.	Disgraceful!																																			
had	a	great	meeting	with	Chancellor	Merkel	and	then	with	PM	Shinzō	Abe	of	Japan	&amp;	President	Moon	of	South	Korea.																																	
yesterday	in	Poland	was	a	great	one.	Thank	you	to	everyone	including	the	haters	for	the	great	reviews	of	the	speech!																																	
Poland	is	a	blessing	to	the	nations	of	Europe	and	a	strong	Europe	is	a	blessing	to	the	West	and	to	the	world.	https://t.co/vHzPwMtJSm																														
WILL	NEVER	BE	BROKEN.	Our	values	will	PREVAIL.	Our	people	will	THRIVE	and	our	civilization	will	TRIUMPH!	https://t.co/sozuVgdp5T																																				
proud	to	stand	shoulder-to-shoulder	with	Poland	in	the	fight	to	eradicate	the	evils	of	terrorism	and	extremism.	#POTUSinPoland	https://t.co/MHxRmVvtsh																																			
of	@FLOTUS	Melania	and	myself	thank	you	Poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱#ICYMI	watch	here➡️	https://t.co/COpVXnn8YG	#POTUSinPoland	https://t.co/ylU3wLZV2H																																									
the	dedicated	professionals	of	the	USSS	as	they	celebrate	their	152nd	anniversary.	Thank	you!	➡️https://t.co/mDhFzDm3ED	https://t.co/BcB3wLjILg																																						
China	and	North	Korea	grew	almost	40%	in	the	first	quarter.	So	much	for	China	working	with	us	-	but	we	had	to	give	it	a	try!																											
States	made	some	of	the	worst	Trade	Deals	in	world	history.Why	should	we	continue	these	deals	with	countries	that	do	not	help	us?																															
to	leave	for	Poland	after	which	I	will	travel	to	Germany	for	the	G-20.	Will	be	back	on	Saturday.																																			
https://t.co/9pfqnRsh1Z																																																					
are	the	lowest	in	the	U.S.	in	over	ten	years!	I	would	like	to	see	them	go	even	lower.																																			
to	celebrate	the	4th	of	July	with	a	big	crowd	at	the	White	House.	Happy	4th	to	everyone.	Our	country	will	grow	and	prosper!																														
#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/NsFslPEFrp																																																				
will	put	up	with	this	much	longer.	Perhaps	China	will	put	a	heavy	move	on	North	Korea	and	end	this	nonsense	once	and	for	all!																													
has	just	launched	another	missile.	Does	this	guy	have	anything	better	to	do	with	his	life?	Hard	to	believe	that	South	Korea.....																																
a	new	intraday	all-time	high!	I	wonder	whether	or	not	the	Fake	News	Media	will	so	report?																																					
numbers	on	jobs	&amp;	the	economy!	Things	are	starting	to	kick	in	now	and	we	have	just	begun!	Don't	like	steel	&amp;	aluminum	dumping!																														
to	Shawn	Steel	for	the	nice	words	on	@FoxNews.																																													
can	help	little	#CharlieGard	as	per	our	friends	in	the	U.K.	and	the	Pope	we	would	be	delighted	to	do	so.																																	
point	the	Fake	News	will	be	forced	to	discuss	our	great	jobs	numbers	strong	economy	success	with	ISIS	the	border	&amp;	so	much	else!																														
speaking	with	Italy	this	morning!																																																	
with	the	King	of	Saudi	Arabia	about	peace	in	the	Middle-East.	Interesting	things	are	happening!																																							
speaking	with	Germany	and	France	this	morning.																																															
&amp;	women	in	uniform	is	the	story	of	FREEDOM	overcoming	OPPRESSION	the	STRONG	protecting	the	WEAK	&amp;	G…	https://t.co/LtTpGsP3fC																																			
at	all	time	high	unemployment	at	lowest	level	in	years	(wages	will	start	going	up)	and	our	base	has	never	been	stronger!																																
media	will	NEVER	keep	us	from	accomplishing	our	objectives	on	behalf	of	our	GREAT	AMERICAN	PEOPLE!…	https://t.co/EwnwCeuGMv																																					
https://t.co/WYUnHjjUjg																																																					
always	take	care	of	our	GREAT	VETERANS.	You	have	shed	your	blood	poured	your	love	and	bared	your	soul	in…	https://t.co/bTPuerxLOr																																	
of	social	media	is	not	Presidential	-	it’s	MODERN	DAY	PRESIDENTIAL.	Make	America	Great	Again!																																							
thinking	about	changing	the	name	#FakeNews	CNN	to	#FraudNewsCNN!																																													
election	with	interviews	speeches	and	social	media.	I	had	to	beat	#FakeNews	and	did.	We	will	continue	to	WIN!																																			
&amp;	FRAUDULENT	NEWS	MEDIA	is	working	hard	to	convince	Republicans	and	others	I	should	not	use	social	media	-	but	remember	I	won....																															
to	leave	for	tonight's	Celebrate	Freedom	Concert	honoring	our	GREAT	VETERANS	w/	so	many	of	my	evangelic…	https://t.co/shfTAoMJry																																				
#KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement:	https://t.co/I8cqKGDK2B	https://t.co/00mao6Vk7R																																																			
Scarborough	and	dumb	as	a	rock	Mika	are	not	bad	people	but	their	low	rated	show	is	dominated	by	their	NBC	bosses.	Too	bad!																														
extremely	pleased	to	see	that	@CNN	has	finally	been	exposed	as	#FakeNews	and	garbage	journalism.	It's	about	time!																																				
are	refusing	to	give	information	to	the	very	distinguished	VOTER	FRAUD	PANEL.	What	are	they	trying	to	hide?																																				
that	@Greta	Van	Susteren	was	let	go	by	her	out	of	control	bosses	at	@NBC	&amp;	@Comcast	because	she	refused	to	go	along	w/	'Trump	hate!'																												
Day	to	all	of	the	great	people	of	Canada	and	to	your	Prime	Minister	and	my	new	found	friend	@JustinTrudeau.	#Canada150																																	
THINK	BIG	once	again.	We	will	inspire	millions	of	children	to	carry	on	the	proud	tradition	of	American…	https://t.co/hZCMp5cSJc																																			
of	strategic	patience	with	the	North	Korea	regime	has	failed.	That	patience	is	over.	We	are	working	closely…	https://t.co/MxN04V2Yn4																																			
encouraged	by	President	Moon's	assurances	that	he	will	work	to	level	the	playing	field	for	American	workers	b…	https://t.co/DUZh6aMjJS																																			
rated	@Morning_Joe	for	first	time	in	long	time.	FAKE	NEWS.	He	called	me	to	stop	a	National	Enquirer	article.	I	said	no!	Bad	show																														
killings	in	Chicago	have	reached	such	epidemic	proportions	that	I	am	sending	in	Federal	help.	1714	shootings	in	Chicago	this	year!																																	
Senators	are	unable	to	pass	what	they	are	working	on	now	they	should	immediately	REPEAL	and	then	REPLACE	at	a	later	date!																																
a	very	good	meeting	with	the	President	of	South	Korea.	Many	subjects	discussed	including	North	Korea	and	new	trade	deal!																																		
American	Energy	Policy	will	unlock	MILLIONS	of	jobs	&amp;	TRILLIONS	in	wealth.	We	are	on	the	cusp	of	a	TRUE	ene…	https://t.co/w5Y7UXZSSD																																
comes	to	the	future	of	America’s	energy	needs	we	will	FIND	IT	we	will	DREAM	IT	and	we	will	BUILD	IT.…	https://t.co/m0HmPbUZ6C																																
House	Passage	of	Kate’s	Law	and	No	Sanctuary	for	Criminals	Act.	https://t.co/uPRy9XgK5A																																										
out	of	the	House	with	the	passing	of	'No	Sanctuary	for	Criminals	Act.'	Hopefully	Senate	will	follow.																																					
House	just	passed	#KatesLaw.	Hopefully	Senate	will	follow.																																														
																																																					
LIVE	with	@VP	@SecretaryPerry	@SecretaryZinke	and	@EPAScottPruitt.	#UnleashingAmericanEnergyhttps://t.co/hlM7F2BQD9																																														
SAFE	AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct	#KatesLaw	#SaveAmericanLives	https://t.co/jbN4hPjqjS																																																	
House	votes	on	two	crucial	bills:☑️#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct	☑️#KatesLaw	☑️Pass	these	bills	&amp;	lets…	https://t.co/4N2c0oxMve																																									
3	nights	in	a	row	around	New	Year's	Eve	and	insisted	on	joining	me.	She	was	bleeding	badly	from	a	face-lift.	I	said	no!																														
poorly	rated	@Morning_Joe	speaks	badly	of	me	(don't	watch	anymore).	Then	how	come	low	I.Q.	Crazy	Mika	along	with	Psycho	Joe	came..																																
deal	negotiated	with	Mexico	is	a	very	good	one	for	both	Mexico	and	the	U.S.	Had	no	deal	for	many	years	which	hurt	U.S.	badly.																													
House	votes	on	#KatesLaw	&amp;	No	Sanctuary	For	Criminals	Act.	Lawmakers	must	vote	to	put	American	safety…	https://t.co/p3vd8IXXaD																																				
first	day	in	office	we’ve	taken	swift	action	to	lift	the	crushing	restrictions	on	American	energy.	Remarks…	https://t.co/VBoEubD59k																																				
misstated	Medicaid	under	new	Senate	bill	-	actually	goes	up.	https://t.co/necCt4K6UH																																											
hosted	an	immigration	roundtable	ahead	of	two	votes	taking	place	in	Congress	tomorrow.	Watch	and	read	more…	https://t.co/5k8WzW1t68																																				
my	great	honor	to	welcome	the	2016	World	Series	Champion	Chicago	@Cubs	⚾️	to	the	@WhiteHouse	this	afternoon.…	https://t.co/GvPhJ9hZdv																																			
Monday	I	had	the	great	honor	of	welcoming	India's	Prime	Minister	@narendramodi	to	the	WH.	Full	Remarks:…	https://t.co/7IIQEh7xXv																																				
sometimes	referred	to	as	the	guardian	of	Amazon	not	paying	internet	taxes	(which	they	should)	is	FAKE	NEWS!																																				
the	Fake	News	Media	likes	to	say	that	I	am	not	totally	engaged	in	healthcare.	Wrong	I	know	the	subject	well	&amp;	want	victory	for	U.S.																												
@nytimes	writes	FALSE	story	after	FALSE	story	about	me.	They	don't	even	call	to	verify	the	facts	of	a	story.	A	Fake	News	Joke!																														
finished	a	great	meeting	with	the	Republican	Senators	concerning	HealthCare.	They	really	want	to	get	it	right	unlike	OCare!																																			
Democrats	to	help	and	a	failed	expensive	and	dangerous	ObamaCare	as	the	Dems	legacy	the	Republican	Senators	are	working	hard!																																		
caught	Fake	News	CNN	cold	but	what	about	NBC	CBS	&amp;	ABC?	What	about	the	failing	@nytimes	&amp;	@washingtonpost?	They	are	all	Fake	News!																														
CNN	is	looking	at	big	management	changes	now	that	they	got	caught	falsely	pushing	their	phony	Russian	stories.	Ratings	way	down!																																	
had	to	retract	big	story	on	Russia	with	3	employees	forced	to	resign.	What	about	all	the	other	phony	stories	they	do?	FAKE	NEWS!																														
for	America's	future	Security	and	Safety	courtesy	of	the	U.S.	Supreme	Court.	I	will	keep	fighting	for	the	American	people	&amp;	WIN!																																
Bombshell:,In,2016,Obama,dismissed,idea,that,anyone,could,rig,an,American,election.		Check	out	his	statement	-	Witch	Hunt!																																													
for	the	9-O	decision	from	the	U.	S.	Supreme	Court.	We	must	keep	America	SAFE!																																							
are	working	very	hard	to	get	there	with	no	help	from	the	Democrats.	Not	easy!	Perhaps	just	let	OCare	crash	&amp;	burn!																																
magnifying	glass	they	have	zero	tapes	of	T	people	colluding.	There	is	no	collusion	&amp;	no	obstruction.	I	should	be	given	apology!																																
story	is	that	President	Obama	did	NOTHING	after	being	informed	in	August	about	Russian	meddling.	With	4	months	looking	at	Russia...																																	
not	want	to	rock,the,boat.	He	didn't	choke	he	colluded	or	obstructed	and	it	did	the	Dems	and	Crooked	Hillary	no	good.																																	
that	President	Obama	did	NOTHING	about	Russia	after	being	notified	by	the	CIA	of	meddling	is	that	he	expected	Clinton	would	win..																																
have	become	nothing	but	OBSTRUCTIONISTS	they	have	no	policies	or	ideas.	All	they	do	is	delay	and	complain.They	own	ObamaCare!																																		
on	@foxandfriends	-	Enjoy!																																																		
colluded	with	the	Democratic	Party	in	order	to	beat	Crazy	Bernie	Sanders.	Is	she	allowed	to	so	collude?	Unfair	to	Bernie!																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
imagine	that	these	very	fine	Republican	Senators	would	allow	the	American	people	to	suffer	a	broken	ObamaCare	any	longer!																																			
official	said	they	choked	when	it	came	to	acting	on	Russian	meddling	of	election.	They	didn't	want	to	hurt	Hillary?																																		
Obama	Administration	was	told	way	before	the	2016	Election	that	the	Russians	were	meddling	why	no	action?	Focus	on	them	not	T!																																
GOP	healthcare	proposal	as	Obamacare	premiums	&amp;	deductibles	increase	by	over	100%.	Remember	keep	your	doctor	keep	your	plan?																																			
The	Obama	Administration	knew	far	in	advance	of	November	8th	about	election	meddling	by	Russia.	Did	nothing	about	it.	WHY?																																		
https://t.co/P1f12i9Gvt																																																					
was	a	tremendous	honor	for	me	to	sign	the	#VAaccountability	Act	into	law	delivering	my	campaign	promise…	https://t.co/G0k8nFWqNj																																				
pass	and	signed	38	Legislative	Bills	mostly	with	no	Democratic	support	and	gotten	rid	of	massive	amounts	of	regulations.	Nice!																																		
on	@foxandfriends.	Enjoy!																																																			
I	were	honored	to	host	our	first	WH	Congressional	Picnic.	A	wonderful	evening	&amp;	tradition.	@MarineBand:…	https://t.co/h5L4myWmam																																					
thinking	of	you	@SteveScalise!	#TeamScalise	https://t.co/Yqf6exhm7x																																																
are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!#AmericaFirst🇺🇸	https://t.co/MVJbs44AtR																																														
very	supportive	of	the	Senate	#HealthcareBill.	Look	forward	to	making	it	really	special!	Remember	ObamaCare	is	dead.																																					
just	ranked	the	second	deadliest	country	in	the	world	after	only	Syria.	Drug	trade	is	largely	the	cause.	We	will	BUILD	THE	WALL!																															
our	campaign	against	the	MS-13	gang	continues.	@ICEgov,Busts,39,MS-13,Members,in,New,York,Operationhttps://t.co/ki41GXeCMy																																														
are	tapes	or	recordings	of	my	conversations	with	James	Comey	but	I	did	not	make	and	do	not	have	any	such	recordings.																																
of	the	recently	reported	electronic	surveillance	intercepts	unmasking	and	illegal	leaking	of	information	I	have	no	idea...																																					
hope	the	Democrats	do	not	force	Nancy	P	out.	That	would	be	very	bad	for	the	Republican	Party	-	and	please	let	Cryin'	Chuck	stay!																													
the	DNC	REFUSE	to	turn	over	its	Server	to	the	FBI	and	still	hasn't?	It's	all	a	big	Dem	scam	and	excuse	for	losing	the	election!																												
Democratic	National	Committee	turn	down	the	DHS	offer	to	protect	against	hacks	(long	prior	to	election).	It's	all	a	big	Dem	HOAX!																																
way	if	Russia	was	working	so	hard	on	the	2016	Election	it	all	took	place	during	the	Obama	Admin.	Why	didn't	they	stop	them?																														
Security	Advisor	Jeh	Johnson	is	latest	top	intelligence	official	to	state	there	was	no	grand	scheme	between	Trump	&amp;	Russia.																																		
in	Iowa	-	special	people.	Thank	you!																																															
Kirkwood	Community	College.	Heading	to	the	U.S.	Cellular	Center	now	for	an	8pmE	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN…	https://t.co/n6LS32a6Zn																																				
in	Iowa.	See	everyone	soon!	#MAGA🇺🇸																																																
do	much	better	as	a	party	if	they	got	together	with	Republicans	on	HealthcareTax	CutsSecurity.	Obstruction	doesn't	work!																																				
Special	Elections	are	over	and	those	that	want	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	are	5	and	O!	All	the	Fake	News	all	the	money	spent	=	0																											
ran	a	fantastic	race	to	win	in	the	Great	State	of	South	Carolina's	5th	District.	We	are	all	honored	by	your	success	tonight!																															
Karen	Handel	on	her	big	win	in	Georgia	6th.	Fantastic	job	we	are	all	very	proud	of	you!																																				
@FoxNews	Huge,win,for,President,Trump,and,GOP,in,Georgia,Congressional,Special,Election.																																																				
looking	great	for	Karen	H!																																																	
a	great	honor	to	welcome	President	Petro	Poroshenko	of	Ukraine	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today	with	@VP	Pence.➡️…	https://t.co/J1ulOd6pYQ																																				
greatly	appreciate	the	efforts	of	President	Xi	&amp;	China	to	help	with	North	Korea	it	has	not	worked	out.	At	least	I	know	China	tried!																													
once	again	condemns	the	brutality	of	the	North	Korean	regime	as	we	mourn	its	latest	victim.	Video:	https://t.co/Rvm11ZbPk7																																				
FOR	CONGRESS.	She	will	fight	for	lower	taxes	great	healthcare	strong	security-a	hard	worker	who	will	never	give	up!	VOTE	TODAY																																	
Ossoff	who	wants	to	raise	your	taxes	to	the	highest	level	and	is	weak	on	crime	and	security	doesn't	even	live	in	district.																															
tomorrow	in	Georgia	and	South	Carolina.	ObamaCare	is	dead.	Dems	want	to	raise	taxes	big!	They	can	only	obstruct	no	ideas.	Vote	R																															
I	offer	our	deepest	condolences	to	the	family	of	Otto	Warmbier.	Full	statement:	https://t.co/8kmcA6YtFD	https://t.co/EhrP4BiJeB																																							
my	great	honor	to	welcome	President	@JC_Varela	&amp;	Mrs.	Varela	from	Panama	this	afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️…	https://t.co/770OJj2uYb																																							
doesn't	even	live	there!	He	wants	to	raise	taxes	and	kill	healthcare.	On	Tuesday	#VoteKarenHandel.																																							
opponent	in	#GA06	can't	even	vote	in	the	district	he	wants	to	represent....																																									
doesn't	live	there!	He	wants	to	raise	taxes	&amp;	kill	healthcare.	On	Tuesday	#VoteKarenHandel.																																								
opponent	in	#GA06	can't	even	vote	in	the	district	he	wants	to	represent....																																									
border	security	and	healthcare.	#VoteRalphNorman	tomorrow!																																																
who	is	running	for	Congress	in	SC's	5th	District	will	be	a	fantastic	help	to	me	in	cutting	taxes	and....																																		
thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	the	7	@USNavy	sailors	of	the	#USSFitzgerald	and	their	families.	➡️…	https://t.co/L3u5c8Iymh																																					
want	to	stop	tax	cuts	good	healthcare	and	Border	Security.Their	ObamaCare	is	dead	with	100%	increases	in	P's.	Vote	now	for	Karen	H																															
on	@foxandfriends	now.																																																			
is	a	very	special	place.	An	honor	to	have	spent	the	weekend	there.	Military	runs	it	so	well	and	are	so	proud	of	what	they	do!																												
Rasmussen	Poll	one	of	the	most	accurate	in	the	2016	Election	just	out	with	a	Trump	50%	Approval	Rating.That's	higher	than	O's	#'s!																															
cuts	36	new	legislative	bills	signed	great	new	S.C.Justice	and	Infrastructure	Healthcare	and	Tax	Cuts	in	works!																																					
AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	agenda	is	doing	very	well	despite	the	distraction	of	the	Witch	Hunt.	Many	new	jobs	high	business	enthusiasm..																																	
prayers	with	the	sailors	of	USS	Fitzgerald	and	their	families.	Thank	you	to	our	Japanese	allies	for	th…	https://t.co/BBvmTFxVkk																																			
Miami	where	my	Cuban/American	friends	are	very	happy	with	what	I	signed	today.	Another	campaign	promise	that	I	did	not	forget!																																	
																																																					
https://t.co/hILCHbPJet																																																					
#MAGA	https://t.co/pirHR7lAyT																																																				
being	investigated	for	firing	the	FBI	Director	by	the	man	who	told	me	to	fire	the	FBI	Director!	Witch	Hunt																																		
phony	Witch	Hunt	going	on	in	America	the	economic	&amp;	jobs	numbers	are	great.	Regulations	way	down	jobs	and	enthusiasm	way	up!																																
News	Media	hates	when	I	use	what	has	turned	out	to	be	my	very	powerful	Social	Media	-	over	100	million	people!	I	can	go	around	them																											
months	of	investigations	&amp;	committee	hearings	about	my	collusion,with,the,Russians		nobody	has	been	able	to	show	any	proof.	Sad!																																			
																																																					
Wisconsin!	Tuesday	was	a	great	success	for	#WorkforceWeek	at	@WCTC	w/	@IvankaTrump	&amp;	@GovWalker.	Remarks…	https://t.co/L8o396yYKX																																						
destroyed	phones	w/	hammer	'bleached'	emails	&amp;	had	husband	meet	w/AG	days	before	she	was	cleared-	&amp;	they	talk	about	obstruction?																																	
that	Hillary	Clintons	family	and	Dems	dealings	with	Russia	are	not	looked	at	but	my	non-dealings	are?																																					
witnessing	the	single	greatest	WITCH	HUNT	in	American	political	history	-	led	by	some	very	bad	and	conflicted	people!		#MAGA																																	
up	a	phony	collusion	with	the	Russians	story	found	zero	proof	so	now	they	go	for	obstruction	of	justice	on	the	phony	story.	Nice																														
hospital.	Rep.	Steve	Scalise	one	of	the	truly	great	people	is	in	very	tough	shape	-	but	he	is	a	real	fighter.	Pray	for	Steve!																													
to	U.S.	ARMY	and	our	soldiers.	Thank	you	for	your	bravery	sacrifices	&amp;	dedication.	Proud	to	be	your	Commander-in-Chief!																																			
Scalise	of	Louisiana	a	TRUE	friend	and	patriot	was	badly	injured	but	will	fully	recover.	Our	thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	him.																																
back	from	Wisconsin.	Great	day	great	people!																																															
of	the	@DeptVetAffairs	Accountability	and	Whistleblower	Protection	Act	is	GREAT	news	for	veterans!	I	lo…	https://t.co/k45aci25BT																																						
in	Wisconsin	to	discuss	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/lEJ9S817yb																																													
more	people	just	dropped	out	of	ObamaCare.	It	is	in	a	death	spiral.	Obstructionist	Democrats	gave	up	have	no	answer	=	resist!																																
the	Great	State	of	Wisconsin	to	talk	about	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!	Big	progress	being	made	as	the	Real	News	is	reporting.																																	
is	at	an	all	time	high.	Where	is	their	apology	to	me	for	all	of	the	incorrect	stories???																																				
made	law	enforcement	decisions	for	political	purposes...gave	Hillary	Clinton	a	free	pass	and	protection.	Totally	illegal!																																						
predicted	the	9th	Circuit	did	it	again	-	Ruled	against	the	TRAVEL	BAN	at	such	a	dangerous	time	in	the	history	of	our	country.	S.C.																													
News	Media	has	never	been	so	wrong	or	so	dirty.	Purposely	incorrect	stories	and	phony	sources	to	meet	their	agenda	of	hate.	Sad!																															
the	2016	@ClemsonFB	Tigers!Full	ceremony:	https://t.co/syJUGoMhHJ#NationalChampions🏈	https://t.co/F23NZoX2BI																																															
our	first	full	@Cabinet	meeting	today.	With	this	great	team	we	can	restore	American	prosperity	and	br…	https://t.co/b0roksHTFE																																				
New	Coal	Mine	of	Trump	Era	Opens	in	Pennsylvania'	https://t.co/aIRllxNLQA																																												
NEVER	FORGET	the	victims	who	lost	their	lives	one	year	ago	today	in	the	horrific	#PulseNightClub	shooting.…	https://t.co/7lZGgDJkxZ																																				
@foxandfriends	now!																																																				
on	the	economy.	All	of	our	work	including	the	passage	of	many	bills	&amp;	regulation	killing	Executive	Orders	now	kicking	in!																																	
Ivanka	will	be	on	@foxandfriends	tomorrow	morning.	Enjoy!																																														
have	no	message		not	on	economics	not	on	taxes		not	on	jobs	not	on	failing	#Obamacare.	They	are	only	OBSTRUCTIONISTS!																																
the	James	Comey	leaks	will	be	far	more	prevalent	than	anyone	ever	thought	possible.	Totally	illegal?	Very	'cowardly!'																																				
Regulations	way	down.	600000+	new	jobs	added.	Unemployment	down	to	4.3%.	Business	and	economic	enthusiasm	way	up-	record	levels!																																			
MSM	doesn't	report	the	great	economic	news	since	Election	Day.	#DOW	up	16%.	#NASDAQ	up	19.5%.	Drilling	&amp;	energy	sector...																																		
going	to	build	again.	Under	budget	and	ahead	of	schedule.	Time	to	put	#AmericaFirst!	#InfrastructureWeek…	https://t.co/D5TbbjXcN3																																						
start	building	in	our	country	with	American	workers	&amp;	with	American	iron	aluminum	&amp;	steel.	It	is	time	to…	https://t.co/rGZCRyeCMZ																																		
time	to	rebuild	OUR	country	to	bring	back	OUR	jobs	to	restore	OUR	dreams	&amp;	yes	to	put	#AmericaFirst!	TY	O…	https://t.co/2b2bXwxGkA																																
honor	to	host	and	welcome	leaders	from	around	America	to	the	@WhiteHouse	Infrastructure	Summit.…	https://t.co/5f6cN3HboQ																																							
to	join	the	@FaithandFreedom	Coalition	yesterday.	In	America	we	don't	worship	government.	We	worship	God.…	https://t.co/1ds8BrzUQe																																						
Jeb	Hensarling	&amp;	Republicans	on	successful	House	vote	to	repeal	major	parts	of	the	2010	Dodd-Frank	financial	law.	GROWTH!																																			
by	@foxandfriends	and	so	many	others.	Thank	you!																																														
many	FALSE	statements	and	lies	total	and	complete	vindication...and	WOW	Comey	is	a	leaker!																																								
to	leave	for	Cincinnati	in	the	GREAT	STATE	of	OHIO	to	meet	with	ObamaCare	victims	and	talk	Healthcare	&amp;	also	Infrastructure!																																	
be	nominating	Christopher	A.	Wray	a	man	of	impeccable	credentials	to	be	the	new	Director	of	the	FBI.	Details	to	follow.																																	
the	VA	Accountability	Act.	The	House	should	get	this	bill	to	my	desk	ASAP!	We	can’t	tolerate	substandard	care	for	our	vets.																																
of	Air	Traffic	Control	Initiative	Watch➡️https://t.co/IMiZr22gAw																																																
with	@HouseGOP	and	@SenateGOP	leaders	including	@SpeakerRyan	@SenateMajLdr	@GOPLeader	@JohnCornyn…	https://t.co/G03W8CEtCS																																											
remember	the	courage	and	bravery	of	our	troops	that	stormed	the	beaches	of	Normandy	73	years	ago.	#DDay…	https://t.co/zhR24dMzYB																																			
all	reference	was	pointing	to	Qatar.	Perhaps	this	will	be	the	beginning	of	the	end	to	the	horror	of	terrorism!																																		
to	see	the	Saudi	Arabia	visit	with	the	King	and	50	countries	already	paying	off.	They	said	they	would	take	a	hard	line	on	funding...																													
but	if	I	would	have	relied	on	the	Fake	News	of	CNN	NBC	ABC	CBS	washpost	or	nytimes	I	would	have	had	ZERO	chance	winning	WH																												
recent	trip	to	the	Middle	East	I	stated	that	there	can	no	longer	be	funding	of	Radical	Ideology.	Leaders	pointed	to	Qatar	-	look!																														
MSM	is	working	so	hard	trying	to	get	me	not	to	use	Social	Media.	They	hate	that	I	can	get	the	honest	and	unfiltered	message	out.																												
today	with	Republican	leadership	concerning	Tax	Cuts	and	Healthcare.	We	are	all	pushing	hard	-	must	get	it	right!																																			
we	need	a	TRAVEL	BAN	for	certain	DANGEROUS	countries	not	some	politically	correct	term	that	won't	help	us	protect	our	people!																																	
announced	an	Air	Traffic	Control	Initiative	to	take	American	air	travel	into	the	future	-	finally!➡️…	https://t.co/NIIorkSRJN																																					
is	one	of	the	biggest	wins	for	our	VETERANS	in	decades.	Our	HEROES	deserve	the	best!	➡️…	https://t.co/RnNp9q7Tdh																																				
by	London	Mayor	Sadiq	Khan	who	had	to	think	fast	on	his	no,reason,to,be,alarmed	statement.	MSM	is	working	hard	to	sell	it!																																	
Dems	are	taking	forever	to	approve	my	people	including	Ambassadors.	They	are	nothing	but	OBSTRUCTIONISTS!	Want	approvals.																																					
event	we	are	EXTREME	VETTING	people	coming	into	the	U.S.	in	order	to	help	keep	our	country	safe.	The	courts	are	slow	and	political!																														
Dept.	should	ask	for	an	expedited	hearing	of	the	watered	down	Travel	Ban	before	the	Supreme	Court	-	&amp;	seek	much	tougher	version!																															
Dept.	should	have	stayed	with	the	original	Travel	Ban	not	the	watered	down	politically	correct	version	they	submitted	to	S.C.																																		
lawyers	and	the	courts	can	call	it	whatever	they	want	but	I	am	calling	it	what	we	need	and	what	it	is	a	TRAVEL	BAN!																													
notice	we	are	not	having	a	gun	debate	right	now?	That's	because	they	used	knives	and	a	truck!																																				
7	dead	and	48	wounded	in	terror	attack	and	Mayor	of	London	says	there	is	no,reason,to,be,alarmed!																																						
stop	being	politically	correct	and	get	down	to	the	business	of	security	for	our	people.	If	we	don't	get	smart	it	will	only	get	worse																													
United	States	can	do	to	help	out	in	London	and	the	U.	K.	we	will	be	there	-	WE	ARE	WITH	YOU.	GOD	BLESS!																														
to	be	smart	vigilant	and	tough.	We	need	the	courts	to	give	us	back	our	rights.	We	need	the	Travel	Ban	as	an	extra	level	of	safety!																											
																																																					
																																																					
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
as	President	is	to	do	everything	within	my	power	to	give	America	a	level	playing	field.	#AmericaFirst🇺🇸➡️…	https://t.co/hL7OwbWzyi																																				
live	at	the	@WhiteHouse.➡️https://t.co/9VOb99W42r	https://t.co/sjb5VHLHYH																																																	
story	is	the	unmasking,and,surveillance	of	people	that	took	place	during	the	Obama	Administration.																																									
be	announcing	my	decision	on	Paris	Accord	Thursday	at	3:00	P.M.		The	White	House	Rose	Garden.		MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																
Clinton	now	blames	everybody	but	herself	refuses	to	say	she	was	a	terrible	candidate.	Hits	Facebook	&amp;	even	Dems	&amp;	DNC.																																	
an	honor	to	welcome	the	Prime	Minister	of	Vietnam	Nguyễn	Xuân	Phúc	to	the	@WhiteHouse	this	afternoon.	https://t.co/6YbrIvJUCY																																				
the	world	to	strengthen	long-standing	alliances	and	to	form	new	partnerships.	See	more	at:…	https://t.co/FT4kyPoAl0																																							
be	announcing	my	decision	on	the	Paris	Accord	over	the	next	few	days.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																					
Senators	good	people	all	can	quickly	get	together	and	pass	a	new	(repeal	&amp;	replace)	HEALTHCARE	bill.	Add	saved	$'s.																																		
should	be	ashamed	of	herself.	My	children	especially	my	11	year	old	son	Barron	are	having	a	hard	time	with	this.	Sick!																																
him	&amp;	now	wants	to	clear	his	name	by	showing	the,false,or,misleading,testimony,by,James,Comey,John,Brennan...	Witch	Hunt!																																									
it	is	reported	that	the	Democrats	who	have	excoriated	Carter	Page	about	Russia	don't	want	him	to	testify.	He	blows	away	their....																																
figure	out	the	TRUE	meaning	of	covfefe	???		Enjoy!																																												
constant	negative	press	covfefe																																																		
Senate	should	switch	to	51	votes	immediately	and	get	Healthcare	and	TAX	CUTS	approved	fast	and	easy.	Dems	would	do	it	no	doubt!																															
must	be	laughing	at	the	U.S.	&amp;	how	a	lame	excuse	for	why	the	Dems	lost	the	election	has	taken	over	the	Fake	News.																														
a	MASSIVE	trade	deficit	with	Germany	plus	they	pay	FAR	LESS	than	they	should	on	NATO	&amp;	military.	Very	bad	for	U.S.	This	will	change																													
forward	to	paying	my	respects	to	our	brave	men	and	women	on	this	Memorial	Day	at	Arlington	National	Cemetery	later	this	morning.																																
remember	the	men	and	women	who	made	the	ultimate	sacrifice	in	serving.	Thank	you	God	bless	your	families	&amp;	God	bless	the	USA!																															
has	shown	great	disrespect	for	their	neighbor	China	by	shooting	off	yet	another	ballistic	missile...but	China	is	trying	hard!																																			
men	and	women	who	made	the	ultimate	sacrifice	in	service	to	America.	Home	of	the	free	because	of	the	brave.	#MemorialDay🇺🇸																																	
News	Media	works	hard	at	disparaging	&amp;	demeaning	my	use	of	social	media	because	they	don't	want	America	to	hear	the	real	story!																															
TAX	CUTS/REFORM	that	I	have	submitted	is	moving	along	in	the	process	very	well	actually	ahead	of	schedule.	Big	benefits	to	all!																																
that	we	add	more	dollars	to	Healthcare	and	make	it	the	best	anywhere.	ObamaCare	is	dead	-	the	Republicans	will	do	much	better!																															
Minister	May	was	very	angry	that	the	info	the	U.K.	gave	to	U.S.	about	Manchester	was	leaked.	Gave	me	full	details!																																	
notice	how	the	Montana	Congressional	race	was	such	a	big	deal	to	Dems	&amp;	Fake	News	until	the	Republican	won?	V	was	poorly	covered																														
very	possible	that	those	sources	don't	exist	but	are	made	up	by	fake	news	writers.	#FakeNews	is	the	enemy!																																			
notice	how	the	Montana	Congressional	race	was	such	a	big	deal	to	Dems	&amp;	Fake	News	until	the	Republican	won?	V	was	poorly	covered																														
very	possible	that	those	sources	don't	exsist	but	are	made	up	by	fake	news	writers.	#FakeNews	is	the	enemy!																																			
see	the	words	'sources	say'	in	the	fake	news	media	and	they	don't	mention	names....																																							
my	opinion	that	many	of	the	leaks	coming	out	of	the	White	House	are	fabricated	lies	made	up	by	the	#FakeNews	media.																																
from	Europe.	Trip	was	a	great	success	for	America.	Hard	work	but	big	results!																																								
in	Montana	for	Republicans!																																																		
in	Italy	after	having	a	very	successful	NATO	meeting	in	Brussels.	Told	other	nations	they	must	pay	more	not	fair	to		U.S.																															
in	Montana	for	Republicans!	We																																																	
of	billions	of	dollars	back	to	the	U.S.A.	from	the	Middle	East	-	which	will	mean	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!																																			
forward	to	reading	the	@CommerceGov	232	analysis	of	steel	and	aluminum-	to	be	released	in	June.	Will	take	major	action	if	necessary.																																
for	the	removal	of	all	trade-distorting	practices....to	foster	a	truly	level	playing	field."																																									
the	#G7Summit.	Had	great	meetings	on	everything	especially	on	trade	where....																																											
make	my	final	decision	on	the	Paris	Accord	next	week!																																												
countries	have	agreed	to	step	up	payments	considerably	as	they	should.	Money	is	beginning	to	pour	in-	NATO	will	be	much	stronger.																																
meetings	today.	Lots	of	very	important	matters	under	discussion.	First	on	the	list	of	course	is	terrorism.	#G7Taormina																																				
of	@FLOTUS	Melania	and	myself	thank	you	for	a	wonderful	dinner	and	evening	President	Sergio	Mattarella.…	https://t.co/EhvWgjkRrY																																					
engaged	in	a	war	against	civilization-	it	is	up	to	all	who	value	life	to	confront	&amp;	defeat	this	evil➡️https://t.co/haeuvCIF6I																																		
to	engage	G7	leaders	on	many	issues	including	economic	growth	terrorism	and	security.																																									
in	Italy	for	the	G7.	Trip	has	been	very	successful.	We	made	and	saved	the	USA	many	billions	of	dollars	and	millions	of	jobs.																														
in	Taormina	with	@FLOTUS	Melania.	#G7Summit	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/l7aXolKBiK																																														
for	your	support.	Together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/42vCwr5GkA																																								
is	a	day	for	both	remembrance	and	resolve.#NATOMeeting	#NATO	https://t.co/YNZV3bTekB																																												
for	the	warm	welcome	to	Brussels	Belgium	this	afternoon!	https://t.co/1AvYSameD4																																												
a	lifetime	to	meet	His	Holiness	Pope	Francis.	I	leave	the	Vatican	more	determined	than	ever	to	pursue	PEAC…	https://t.co/Jhe7SROaxD																																		
nations	must	join	together	to	protect	human	life	and	the	sacred	right	of	our	citizens	to	live	in	safety	and	in	peace.																																
Arabia	and	the	Middle	East	were	great.	Trying	hard	for	PEACE.	Doing	well.	Heading	to	Vatican	&amp;	Pope	then	#G7	and	#NATO.																																
for	such	a	wonderful	and	unforgettable	visit	Prime	Minister	@Netanyahu	and	@PresidentRuvi.																																										
in	absolute	solidarity	with	the	people	of	the	United	Kingdom.	https://t.co/X6fUUxxYXE																																											
@Netanyahu	and	@PresidentRuvi-	on	behalf	of	@FLOTUS	Melania	and	myself	thank	you	for	the	invitation…	https://t.co/Z5YCpaRV6t																																						
https://t.co/WdDEOiV6oS																																																					
at	Arab	Islamic	American	Summit	➡️https://t.co/eUWxJXJxbeReplay	➡️https://t.co/VtmlSqciXx#RiyadhSummit	#POTUSAbroad																																														
to	the	BRAVE	servicemen	&amp;	women	who	have	served	and	continue	to	serve	the	United	States-	our	TRUE	HEROES…	https://t.co/ZTV9F639xM																																		
be	in	Riyadh	Saudi	Arabia.	Looking	forward	to	the	afternoon	and	evening	ahead.	#POTUSAbroad	https://t.co/JJOra0KfyR																																							
																																																					
for	my	big	foreign	trip.	Will	be	strongly	protecting	American	interests	-	that's	what	I	like	to	do!																																				
																																																					
honor	to	welcome	President	Juan	Manuel	Santos	of	Colombia	to	the	White	House	today!🇺🇸🇨🇴Joint	Press	Conf➡️…	https://t.co/uWfiQEdsaY																																					
of	the	illegal	acts	that	took	place	in	the	Clinton	campaign	&amp;	Obama	Administration	there	was	never	a	special	counsel	appointed!																																	
the	single	greatest	witch	hunt	of	a	politician	in	American	history!																																											
of	the	illegal	acts	that	took	place	in	the	Clinton	campaign	&amp;	Obama	Administration	there	was	never	a	special	councel	appointed!																																	
my	great	honor	to	deliver	the	#CGACommencement17	at	the	@USCGAcademy.	CONGRATULATIONS	to	the	Class	of	2017!…	https://t.co/ehQanQXiSy																																					
a	great	honor	to	welcome	the	President	of	Turkey	Recep	Tayyip	Erdoğan	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today!	https://t.co/4BWjOCgnNv																																					
Production	Surged	in	April'	https://t.co/S0Z4SEIRhi																																																	
been	asking	Director	Comey	&amp;	others	from	the	beginning	of	my	administration	to	find	the	LEAKERS	in	the	intelligence	community.....																																		
and	airline	flight	safety.	Humanitarian	reasons	plus	I	want	Russia	to	greatly	step	up	their	fight	against	ISIS	&amp;	terrorism.																																		
I	wanted	to	share	with	Russia	(at	an	openly	scheduled	W.H.	meeting)	which	I	have	the	absolute	right	to	do	facts	pertaining....																																
Proclamation:	https://t.co/o4IXVfZuHw	https://t.co/UMJ6hklx4a																																																			
delivered	remarks	at	the	36th	Annual	National	Peace	Officers'	Memorial	Service.	#NationalPoliceWeekWatch…	https://t.co/3EioVDCTqb																																									
Melania	and	all	of	the	great	mothers	out	there	a	wonderful	day	ahead	with	family	and	friends!	Happy	#MothersDay																																			
thrilled	to	be	back	@LibertyU.	Congratulations	to	the	Class	of	2017!	This	is	your	day	and	you've	earned	it.…	https://t.co/87RYOPwBiY																																		
interviewed	by	@JudgeJeanine	on	@FoxNews	at	9:00	P.M.	(Saturday	night).	Enjoy!																																											
																																																					
																																																					
welcomed	the	Victory	Christian	Center	School.	Good	luck	@	the	Team	America	Rocketry	Challenge!	#TARC	Watch…	https://t.co/wFrRsK2wuo																																					
hosted	a	Military	Mother's	Day	Event	in	the	East	Room	of	the	WH.	It	was	an	honor	to	stop	by	say	hel…	https://t.co/wNVB0PYoef																															
agreed	that	the	U.S.	will	be	allowed	to	sell	beef	and	other	major	products	into	China	once	again.	This	is	REAL	news!																																
Clapper	himself	and	virtually	everyone	else	with	knowledge	of	the	witch	hunt	says	there	is	no	collusion	when	does	it	end?																																	
better	hope	that	there	are	no	tapes	of	our	conversations	before	he	starts	leaking	to	the	press!																																					
best	thing	to	do	would	be	to	cancel	all	future	press,briefings	and	hand	out	written	responses	for	the	sake	of	accuracy???																																	
very	active	President	with	lots	of	things	happening	it	is	not	possible	for	my	surrogates	to	stand	at	podium	with	perfect	accuracy!....																																
Media	is	working	overtime	today!																																																	
story	that	there	was	collusion	between	the	Russians	&amp;	Trump	campaign	was	fabricated	by	Dems	as	an	excuse	for	losing	the	election.																																
the	same	day-	I	had	meetings	with	Russian	Foreign	Minister	Sergei	Lavrov	and	the	FM	of	Ukraine	Pavlo…	https://t.co/hm4U54DCQO																																			
be	laughing	up	their	sleeves	watching	as	the	U.S.	tears	itself	apart	over	a	Democrat	EXCUSE	for	losing	the	election.																																		
agree	on	something	Rosie.	https://t.co/BSP5F3PgbZ																																																	
Order	on	the	Establishment	of	Presidential	Advisory	Commission	on	Election	Integrity'➡️…	https://t.co/kVG8r7qZS5																																										
Order	on	Strengthening	the	Cybersecurity	of	Federal	Networks	and	Critical	Infrastructure'…	https://t.co/kQDBvXPekk																																										
should	be	ashamed.	This	is	a	disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/UfbKEECm2V																																														
been	complaining	for	months	&amp;	months	about	Dir.	Comey.	Now	that	he	has	been	fired	they	PRETEND	to	be	aggrieved.	Phony	hypocrites!																																
Stone	report	on	@CNN	is	FALSE	-	Fake	News.	Have	not	spoken	to	Roger	in	a	long	time	-	had	nothing	to	do	with	my	decision.																												
cried	like	a	baby	and	begged	for	forgiveness...and	now	he	is	judge	&amp;	jury.	He	should	be	the	one	who	is	investigated	for	his	acts.																													
a	pol	in	Connecticut	Blumenthal	would	talk	of	his	great	bravery	and	conquests	in	Vietnam	-	except	he	was	never	there.	When....																																
Richard	Blumenthal	speak	of	Comey	is	a	joke.	Richie	devised	one	of	the	greatest	military	frauds	in	U.S.	history.	For....																																		
the	confidence	of	almost	everyone	in	Washington	Republican	and	Democrat	alike.	When	things	calm	down	they	will	be	thanking	me!																																		
will	be	replaced	by	someone	who	will	do	a	far	better	job	bringing	back	the	spirit	and	prestige	of	the	FBI.																																	
have	said	some	of	the	worst	things	about	James	Comey	including	the	fact	that	he	should	be	fired	but	now	they	play	so	sad!																														
Schumer	stated	recently	I,do,not,have,confidence,in,him,(James,Comey),any,longer.	Then	acts	so	indignant.		#draintheswamp																																												
hires	rise	to	highest	levels	of	the	recovery'https://t.co/txFZDYYIOe																																														
an	honor	to	welcome	the	Teachers	of	the	Year	to	the	WH	last	month.	Today	we	honor	and	thank	all	teachers!…	https://t.co/sAUJfIZCwR																																
today	between	Clapper	&amp;	Yates	is	on	surveillance.	Why	doesn't	the	media	report	on	this?	#FakeNews!																																						
collusion	story	is	a	total	hoax	when	will	this	taxpayer	funded	charade	end?																																									
made	the	fake	media	extremely	unhappy	today	---	she	said	nothing	but	old	news!																																								
reiterated	what	everybody	including	the	fake	media	already	knows-	there	is	no,evidence	of	collusion	w/	Russia	and	Trump.																																				
welcome	Georgia	Prime	Minister	Giorgi	Kvirikashvili	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today	with	@VP	Mike	Pence.…	https://t.co/ohXXgTNtWB																																							
Yates	under	oath	if	she	knows	how	classified	information	got	into	the	newspapers	soon	after	she	explained	it	to	W.H.	Counsel.																																	
Yates	under	oath	if	she	knows	how	classified	information	got	into	the	newspapers	soon	after	she	explained	it	to	W.H.	Council.																																	
was	given	the	highest	security	clearance	by	the	Obama	Administration	-	but	the	Fake	News	seldom	likes	talking	about	that.																																		
@PGA_JohnDaly	on	his	big	win	yesterday.	John	is	a	great	guy	who	never	gave	up	-	and	now	a	winner	again!																																	
Indiana	made	a	deal	during	the	Obama	Administration	to	move	to	Mexico.	Fired	their	employees.	Tax	product	big	that's	sold	in	U.S.																																
Emmanuel	Macron	on	his	big	win	today	as	the	next	President	of	France.	I	look	very	much	forward	to	working	with	him!																																
will	not	let	the	American	people	down!	ObamaCare	premiums	and	deductibles	are	way	up	-	it	was	a	lie	and	it	is	dead!																															
the	Fake	Media	ask	about	the	Dems	dealings	with	Russia	&amp;	why	the	DNC	wouldn't	allow	the	FBI	to	check	their	server	or	investigate?																														
I	am	staying	in	Bedminster	N.	J.	a	beautiful	community	is	that	staying	in	NYC	is	much	more	expensive	and	disruptive.	Meetings!																																
report	today	-	It	is	all	beginning	to	work!																																													
it	that	the	Fake	News	rarely	reports	Ocare	is	on	its	last	legs	and	that	insurance	companies	are	fleeing	for	their	lives?	It's	dead!																														
News	media	did	everything	in	its	power	to	make	the	Republican	Healthcare	victory	look	as	bad	as	possible.Far	better	than	Ocare!																																	
																																																					
JOBS!	https://t.co/UR0eetSEnO																																																				
the	Australians	have	better	healthcare	than	we	do	#NAME?	does.	ObamaCare	is	dead!	But	our	healthcare	will	soon	be	great.																																		
causing	a	big	disruption	in	N.Y.C.	I	will	be	working	out	of	my	home	in	Bedminster	N.J.	this	weekend.	Also	saves	country	money!																															
in	the	House	-	very	exciting!	But	when	everything	comes	together	with	the	inclusion	of	Phase	2	we	will	have	truly	great	healthcare!																															
to	welcome	PM	of	Australia	@TurnbullMalcolm	to	America	&amp;	join	him	in	marking	the	75th	Anniversary	of	the…	https://t.co/foMUec7EAE																																			
a	GREAT	day	for	the	United	States	of	America!	This	is	a	great	plan	that	is	a	repeal	&amp;	replace	of	ObamaCare.…	https://t.co/0TnmLn55Lm																															
Republicans	will	be	having	a	big	press	conference	at	the	beautiful	Rose	Garden	of	the	White	House	immediately	after	vote!																																		
are	fleeing	ObamaCare	-	it	is	dead.	Our	healthcare	plan	will	lower	premiums	&amp;	deductibles	-	and	be	great	healthcare!																																		
watching	the	Democrats	trying	to	defend	the	you,can,keep,you,doctor,you,can,keep,your,plan,&amp;,premiums,will,go,down	ObamaCare	lie."																																												
with	Religious	Leaders	here	at	the	WH	last	night.	Join	us	now	for	a	#NationalDayofPrayer	LIVE:…	https://t.co/b8j1tWZJuv																																					
will	exit	Obamacare	markets	in	VA	in	2018	citing	expected	losses	on	INDV	plans	this	year'https://t.co/5YnzDitF8r																																						
@foxandfriends	on	its	unbelievable	ratings	hike.																																																
News	media	is	officially	out	of	control.	They	will	do	or	say	anything	in	order	to	get	attention	-	never	been	a	time	like	this!																													
unmasking	Trump	transition	officials.	Not	good!																																																
the	former	National	Security	Advisor	to	President	Obama	is	refusing	to	testify	before	a	Senate	Subcommittee	next	week	on.....																																			
to	host	President	Mahmoud	Abbas	at	the	WH	today.	Hopefully	something	terrific	could	come	out	it	between	th…	https://t.co/eyHLFZbKhn																																			
an	honor	to	stop	by	a	#SchoolChoice	event	hosted	by	@VP	Pence	and	@usedgov	Secretary	@BetsyDeVosED	at	the…	https://t.co/B8VxVsYNHA																																			
was	an	excuse	used	by	the	Democrats	as	justification	for	losing	the	election.	Perhaps	Trump	just	ran	a	great	campaign?																																		
Comey	was	the	best	thing	that	ever	happened	to	Hillary	Clinton	in	that	he	gave	her	a	free	pass	for	many	bad	deeds!	The	phony...																													
the	winners	of	the	Commander-in-Chief's	Trophy	the	great	Air	Force	Falcons!	Watch:…	https://t.co/HyxxFCfaUh																																									
more	Republican	Senators	in	2018	or	change	the	rules	now	to	51%.	Our	country	needs	a	good	shutdown	in	September	to	fix	mess!																															
for	the	plan	negotiated	between	the	Republicans	and	Democrats	is	that	we	need	60	votes	in	the	Senate	which	are	not	there!	We....																															
Jackson	who	died	16	years	before	the	Civil	War	started	saw	it	coming	and	was	angry.	Would	never	have	let	it	happen!																																
Saturday	I	signed	two	EO's	to	help	keep	jobs	&amp;	wealth	in	our	country.EO1:	https://t.co/XJggnJAiPi	EO2:…	https://t.co/2iEten4SVl																																					
we	celebrate	the	contributions	of	Asian	Americans	&amp;	Pacific	Islanders	that	enrich	our	Nation.	https://t.co/rEJi9ahOaY																																							
is	on	its	way.	Will	have	much	lower	premiums	&amp;	deductibles	while	at	the	same	time	taking	care	of	pre-existing	conditions!																																	
compare	anything	to	ObamaCare	because	ObamaCare	is	dead.	Dems	want	billions	to	go	to	Insurance	Companies	to	bail	out	donors....New																																		
without	a	leader	have	become	the	party	of	obstruction.They	are	only	interested	in	themselves	and	not	in	what's	best	for	U.S.																																	
last	night	in	the	Great	State	of	Pennsylvania!	Fantastic	crowd	and	people.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																						
be	interviewed	on	@FaceTheNation	this	morning	at	10:00	A.M.	Have	a	great	day!																																									
media	refuses	to	state	our	long	list	of	achievements	including	28	legislative	signings	strong	borders	&amp;	great	optimism!																																				
to	RALLY	in	the	Great	State	of	Pennsylvania	tonight	at	7:30	Big	crowd	big	energy!																																							
stated	that	President,Trump's,successes,are,unmatched,in,recent,presidential,history		Thank	you	Lou!																																															
disrespected	the	wishes	of	China	&amp;	its	highly	respected	President	when	it	launched	though	unsuccessfully	a	missile	today.	Bad!																																			
be	interviewed	by	@MarthaMaccallum	on	@FoxNews	tonight	at	7pm.	Enjoy!																																												
making	tremendous	progress	with	the	V.	A.	There	has	never	been	so	much	done	so	quickly	and	we	have	just	started.	We	love	our	VETS!																													
signed	an	Executive	Order	on	Improving	Accountability	and	Whistleblower	Protection	at	the	@DeptVetAffairs:…	https://t.co/UQ6VNCyhlj																																								
for	the	@CommerceGov	@SecretaryRoss	re:	Aluminum	Imports	and	Threats	to	National	Security:…	https://t.co/GnKoVz9GTO																																									
and	I	were	honored	to	welcome	Argentina	President	@MauricioMacri	and	First	Lady	Juliana	Awada	to	t…	https://t.co/gR3EPznu1H																																					
prepare	for	summer	vacations	in	our	National	Parks	-	Democrats	threaten	to	close	them	and	shut	down	the	government.	Terrible!																																		
to	support	border	security	—	now	they	want	illegals	to	pour	through	our	borders.																																								
the	safety	of	our	troops	to	bail	out	their	donors	from	insurance	companies.	It	is	time	to	put	#AmericaFirst🇺🇸																																			
important?	Rebuilding	our	military	-	or	bailing	out	insurance	companies?	Ask	the	Democrats.																																									
to	rebuild	our	military	and	secure	our	border.	Democrats	want	to	shut	down	the	government.	Politics!																																						
to	help	our	miners	while	the	Democrats	are	blocking	their	healthcare.																																											
want	to	shut	government	if	we	don't	bail	out	Puerto	Rico	and	give	billions	to	their	insurance	companies	for	OCare	failure.	NO!																																
the	fact	that	if	we	do	not	reach	a	fair	deal	for	all	we	will	then	terminate	NAFTA.	Relationships	are	good-deal	very	possible!																															
calls	from	the	President	of	Mexico	and	the	Prime	Minister	of	Canada	asking	to	renegotiate	NAFTA	rather	than	terminate.	I	agreed..																																	
trying	to	bail	out	insurance	companies	from	disastrous	#ObamaCare	and	Puerto	Rico	with	your	tax	dollars.	Sad!																																					
great	honor	to	welcome	&amp;	recognize	the	National	Teacher	of	the	Year	as	well	as	the	Teacher	of	the	Year	fro…	https://t.co/pUGl7RDoVX																																
signed	an	Executive	Order	on	Enforcing	Statutory	Prohibitions	on	Federal	Control	of	Education.	EO:…	https://t.co/YYafFQncbC																																							
signed	an	Executive	Order	@	the	U.S.	Dept.	of	@Interior:	'Review	of	Designations	Under	the	Antiquities	Act…	https://t.co/Eq6JDzMqTY																																				
to	our	@FLOTUS	Melania!	https://t.co/rYYp51mxDQ	https://t.co/np7KYHglSv																																																
recorded	its	slowest	economic	growth	in	five	years	(2016).	GDP	up	only	1.6%.	Trade	deficits	hurt	the	economy	very	badly.																																		
Circuit	which	has	a	terrible	record	of	being	overturned	(close	to	80%).	They	used	to	call	this	judge,shopping!	Messy	system.																																		
our	very	big	country	with	many	choices	does	everyone	notice	that	both	the	ban	case	and	now	the	sanctuary	case	is	brought	in	...																														
Ninth	Circuit	rules	against	the	ban	&amp;	now	it	hits	again	on	sanctuary	cities-both	ridiculous	rulings.	See	you	in	the	Supreme	Court!																																
Order	on	Promoting	Agriculture	and	Rural	Prosperity	in	America'Executive	Order:…	https://t.co/LVMjZ9Ax0U																																											
the	United	States	Holocaust	Memorial	Museum's	National	Days	of	Remembrance.	Full	remarks:…	https://t.co/BJbI6ZtGo7																																									
the	fake	media	tell	you	that	I	have	changed	my	position	on	the	WALL.	It	will	get	built	and	help	stop	drugs	human	trafficking	etc.																													
made	business	for	our	dairy	farmers	in	Wisconsin	and	other	border	states	very	difficult.	We	will	not	stand	for	this.	Watch!																																	
@IvankaTrump	for	her	leadership	on	these	important	issues.	Looking	forward	to	hearing	her	speak	at	the	W20!	https://t.co/e6Uajrm8zp																																				
signed	the	Holocaust	Remembrance	Proclamation:	https://t.co/762SqgdLMV	#ICYMI-	My	statement	last	night	at…	https://t.co/vrqqFDi8En																																									
healthcare	plan	is	approved	you	will	see	real	healthcare	and	premiums	will	start	tumbling	down.	ObamaCare	is	in	a	death	spiral!																																	
in	congratulating	@NASA's	@AstroPeggy	by	using	the	hashtag	#CongratsPeggy!	Earlier	today:…	https://t.co/AUdJgxXiT4																																										
is	not	built	which	it	will	be	the	drug	situation	will	NEVER	be	fixed	the	way	it	should	be!#BuildTheWall																																			
																																																					
is	a	very	important	tool	in	stopping	drugs	from	pouring	into	our	country	and	poisoning	our	youth	(and	many	others)!	If																																	
fake	news	polls	released	yesterday	ABC	&amp;	NBC	while	containing	some	very	positive	info	were	totally	wrong	in	General	E.	Watch!																																	
ABC	News/Washington	Post	Poll	(wrong	big	on	election)	said	almost	all	stand	by	their	vote	on	me	&amp;	53%	said	strong	leader.																																
out	today	are	very	good	considering	that	much	of	the	media	is	FAKE	and	almost	always	negative.	Would	still	beat	Hillary	in	.....																															
at	a	later	date	so	we	can	get	started	early	Mexico	will	be	paying	in	some	form	for	the	badly	needed	border	wall.																															
don't	want	money	from	budget	going	to	border	wall	despite	the	fact	that	it	will	stop	drugs	and	very	bad	MS	13	gang	members.																														
in	serious	trouble.	The	Dems	need	big	money	to	keep	it	going	-	otherwise	it	dies	far	sooner	than	anyone	would	have	thought.																															
Lake	Worth	Florida.	@foxandfriends																																																		
election	currently	taking	place	in	France.																																																
committed	to	keeping	our	air	and	water	clean	but	always	remember	that	economic	growth	enhances	environmental	protection.	Jobs	matter!																																			
Earth	Day	we	celebrate	our	beautiful	forests	lakes	and	land.	We	stand	committed	to	preserving	the	natural	beauty	of	our	nation.																																	
REFORM	AND	TAX	REDUCTION	will	be	announced	next	Wednesday.																																													
night	I	will	be	holding	a	BIG	rally	in	Pennsylvania.	Look	forward	to	it!																																								
to	visit	Walter	Reed	Medical	Center	with	Melania.	Looking	forward	to	seeing	our	bravest	and	greatest	Americans!																																					
SB	victories	since	2002	it	was	my	honor	to	give	Bob	Kraft	Coach	Belichick	and	the	players	their	first	to…	https://t.co/UZPKjqoGZY																																	
Order	on	Identifying	and	Reducing	Tax	Regulatory	Burdens'	Executive	Order:…	https://t.co/dpE6hDzlAt																																											
AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸	https://t.co/CR4I8dvunc																																																				
very	much	the	economic	lifeline	to	North	Korea	so	while	nothing	is	easy	if	they	want	to	solve	the	North	Korean	problem	they	will																														
how	much	I	accomplish	during	the	ridiculous	standard	of	the	first	100	days	&amp;	it	has	been	a	lot	(including	S.C.)	media	will	kill!																														
attack	in	Paris.	The	people	of	France	will	not	take	much	more	of	this.	Will	have	a	big	effect	on	presidential	election!																																
honor	to	host	PM	Paolo	Gentiloni	of	Italy	at	the	White	House	this	afternoon!	#ICYMI-	Joint	Press	Conference…	https://t.co/lJAvEZJV1F																																			
to	use	American	steel	we're	going	to	use	American	labor	we	are	going	to	come	first	in	all	deals.	➡️…	https://t.co/QYjWx9K4YY																																	
which	has	been	calling	me	wrong	for	two	years	just	got	caught	in	a	big	lie	concerning	New	England	Patriots	visit	to	W.H.																															
honor	to	host	the	@SuperBowl	Champion	New	England	@Patriots	at	the	White	House	today.	Congratulations!…	https://t.co/tQ5XEPaIxn																																						
signed	the	Veterans	(OUR	HEROES)	Choice	Program	Extension	&amp;	Improvement	Act	@	the	@WhiteHouse.	#S544	Watch…	https://t.co/0sMv4sPrmf																																					
																																																					
in	Kansas	and	are	now	failing	in	Georgia.	Great	job	Karen	Handel!	It	is	now	Hollywood	vs.	Georgia	on	June	20th.																																	
outside	money	FAKE	media	support	and	eleven	Republican	candidates	BIG	R	win	with	runoff	in	Georgia.	Glad	to	be	of	help!																																	
																																																					
that	Jon	@Ossoff	who	is	running	for	Congress	in	Georgia	doesn't	even	live	in	the	district.	Republicans	get	out	and	vote!																																	
get	out	today	and	VOTE	in	Georgia	6	Force	runoff	and	easy	win!	Dem	Ossoff	will	raise	your	taxes-very	bad	on	crime	&amp;	2nd	A.																													
Ossoff	would	be	a	disaster	in	Congress.	VERY	weak	on	crime	and	illegal	immigration	bad	for	jobs	and	wants	higher	taxes.	Say	NO																															
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	by	@ainsleyearhardt	starting	at	6:00	A.M.	Enjoy!																																											
illegal	immigration	policies	of	the	Obama	Admin.	allowed	bad	MS	13	gangs	to	form	in	cities	across	U.S.	We	are	removing	them	fast!																															
Republican	candidates	running	in	Georgia	(on	Tuesday)	for	Congress	a	runoff	will	be	a	win.	Vote	R	for	lower	taxes	&amp;	safety!																																
tomorrow	Wisconsin!'Trump	spurs	small-business	optimism	in	Milwaukee	area'https://t.co/JUxhO3oqjO																																														
HITS	50%https://t.co/vjZkGTyQb9																																																				
Liberal	Democrat	in	the	Georgia	Congressioal	race	tomorrow	wants	to	protect	criminals	allow	illegal	immigration	and	raise	taxes!																																				
Media	(not	Real	Media)	has	gotten	even	worse	since	the	election.	Every	story	is	badly	slanted.	We	have	to	hold	them	to	the	truth!																														
book	for	your	reading	enjoyment:	REASONS,TO,VOTE,FOR,DEMOCRATS	by	Michael	J.	Knowles.																																												
true.	@foxandfriends																																																				
Kansas	election	(Congress)	was	a	really	big	media	event	until	the	Republicans	won.	Now	they	play	the	same	game	with	Georgia-BAD!																																	
is	building	and	is	rapidly	becoming	stronger	than	ever	before.	Frankly	we	have	no	choice!																																							
look	into	who	paid	for	the	small	organized	rallies	yesterday.	The	election	is	over!																																								
what	was	an	almost	an	impossible	thing	to	do	for	a	Republican-easily	won	the	Electoral	College!	Now	Tax	Returns	are	brought	up	again?																															
to	everyone!																																																				
I	call	China	a	currency	manipulator	when	they	are	working	with	us	on	the	North	Korean	problem?	We	will	see	what	happens!																																
https://t.co/tpZ7eqJLUH	https://t.co/B2NQzj53ft																																																				
a	great	honor	to	welcome	Atlanta's	heroic	first	responders	to	the	White	House	this	afternoon!	https://t.co/ZtC14AJ0xs																																						
work	out	fine	between	the	U.S.A.	and	Russia.	At	the	right	time	everyone	will	come	to	their	senses	&amp;	there	will	be	lasting	peace!																														
great	confidence	that	China	will	properly	deal	with	North	Korea.	If	they	are	unable	to	do	so	the	U.S.	with	its	allies	will!	U.S.A.																														
returning	illegal	immigration	is	plummeting	law	order	and	justice	are	being	restored.	We	are	truly	making	America	great	again!																																			
one	we	are	keeping	our	promises	-	on	the	border	on	energy	on	jobs	on	regulations.	Big	changes	are	happening!																																		
is	soaring	as	we	unleash	the	power	of	private	sector	job	creation	and	stand	up	for	the	American	Workers.	#AmericaFirst																																		
w/	NATO	Sec.	Gen.	We	agreed	on	the	importance	of	getting	countries	to	pay	their	fair	share	&amp;	focus	on…	https://t.co/G9TdjWezmH																																	
in	Kansas	last	night	for	Ron	Estes	easily	winning	the	Congressional	race	against	the	Dems	who	spent	heavily	&amp;	predicted	victory!																																	
very	good	call	last	night	with	the	President	of	China	concerning	the	menace	of	North	Korea.																																						
be	interviewed	by	@MariaBartiromo	at	6:00	A.M.	@FoxBusiness.	Enjoy!																																													
&amp;	Policy	CEO	Forum	today	with	my	Cabinet	Secretaries	and	top	CEO's	from	around	the	United	States.…	https://t.co/pmGIL08OpP																																				
is	running	TODAY	for	Congress	in	the	Great	State	of	Kansas.	A	wonderful	guy	I	need	his	help	on	Healthcare	&amp;	Tax	Cuts	(Reform).																														
is	looking	for	trouble.	If	China	decides	to	help	that	would	be	great.	If	not	we	will	solve	the	problem	without	them!		U.S.A.																														
to	the	President	of	China	that	a	trade	deal	with	the	U.S.	will	be	far	better	for	them	if	they	solve	the	North	Korean	problem!																													
to	everyone	celebrating	in	the	United	States	of	America	Israel	and	around	the	world.	#ChagSameach																																							
Justice	Neil	Gorsuch	on	his	elevation	to	the	United	States	Supreme	Court.	A	great	day	for	Americ…	https://t.co/RM9lfTaePS																																				
@USNavy!	#USA	https://t.co/oD7L8vPgjq																																																			
President	Al	Sisi	will	handle	situation	properly.																																															
to	hear	of	the	terrorist	attack	in	Egypt.	U.S.	strongly	condemns.	I	have	great...																																								
will	be	sworn	in	at	the	Rose	Garden	of	the	White	House	on	Monday	at	11:00	A.M.	He	will	be	a	great	Justice.	Very	proud	of	him!																											
you	don't	generally	hit	runways	is	that	they	are	easy	and	inexpensive	to	quickly	fix	(fill	in	and	top)!																																			
our	great	military	men	and	women	for	representing	the	United	States	and	the	world	so	well	in	the	Syria	attack.																																		
friendship	was	formed	but	only	time	will	tell	on	trade.																																												
a	great	honor	to	have	President	Xi	Jinping	and	Madame	Peng	Liyuan	of	China	as	our	guests	in	the	United	States.	Tremendous...																																
an	honor	to	host	our	American	heroes	from	the	@WWP	#SoldierRideDC	at	the	@WhiteHouse	today	with	@FLOTUS	@VP…	https://t.co/u5AI1pupVV																																			
JOBS!https://t.co/XGOQPHywrt	https://t.co/B5Qbn6llzE																																																				
deeply	committed	to	preserving	our	strong	relationship	&amp;	to	strengthening	America's	long-standing	support	for…	https://t.co/GxrOR3ALCE																																							
talk	jobs	with	#NABTU2017.	Tremendous	spirit	&amp;	optimism	-	we	will	deliver!	https://t.co/6lRuQZZHrc																																									
Sean	McGarvey	&amp;	the	entire	Governing	Board	of	Presidents	for	honoring	me	w/an	invite	to	speak.	#NABTU2017…	https://t.co/dJlZvlq6Tj																																				
https://t.co/XHfQ6zmF2H																																																					
an	honor	to	welcome	President	Al	Sisi	of	Egypt	to	the	@WhiteHouse	as	we	renew	the	historic	partnership	betwe…	https://t.co/9mRaGvcPHz																																		
to	hosting	our	heroes	from	the	Wounded	Warrior	Project	(@WWP)	Soldier	Ride	to	the	@WhiteHouse	on	Th…	https://t.co/QLC0qFD94x																																				
to	meet	President	al-Sisi	of	Egypt.	On	behalf	of	the	United	States	I	look	forward	to	a	long	and	wonderful	relationship.																																	
multiple	sources:	There,was,electronic,surveillance,of,Trump,and,people,close,to,Trump.,This,is,unprecedented.	@FBI																																																		
Clinton	ever	apologize	for	receiving	the	answers	to	the	debate?	Just	asking!																																										
brother	of	John	Podesta	paid	big	money	to	get	the	sanctions	on	Russia	lifted?	Did	Hillary	know?																																					
reporting	on	unmasking	and	the	crooked	scheme	against	us	by	@foxandfriends.	Spied,on,before,nomination.	The	real	story.																																							
I	are	honored	to	light	up	the	@WhiteHouse	this	evening	for	#WorldAutismAwarenessDay.	Join	us	&amp;	#LIUB.…	https://t.co/tR3hqqyWvv																																					
story	turns	out	to	be	SURVEILLANCE	and	LEAKING!	Find	the	leakers.																																											
Repealing	and	Replacing	ObamaCare	are	and	have	been	going	on	and	will	continue	until	such	time	as	a	deal	is	hopefully	struck.																																
	Fake	News	media)	who	thinks	that	Repeal	&amp;	Replace	of	ObamaCare	is	dead	does	not	know	the	love	and	strength	in	R	Party!																														
@JCLayfield	--	will	get	even	better	as	my	Administration	continues	to	put	#AmericaFirst🇺🇸	https://t.co/AQQzmt10x7																																								
with	Russia.	Trump	team	spied	on	before	he	was	nominated."	If	this	is	TRUE	does	not	get	much	bigger.	Would	be	sad	for	U.S.																														
just	reporting	big	news.	Source:	"Official,behind,unmasking,is,high,up.,Known,Intel,official,is,responsible.,Some,unmasked....
...use,subsidies,to,buy,health,plans."	In	other	words	Ocare	is	dead.	Good	things	will	happen	however	either	with	Republicans	or	Dems.																																
@nytimes	finally	gets	it	-	"In,places,where,no,insurance,company,offers,plans,there,will,be,no,way,for,ObamaCare,customers,to..
It,is,the,same,Fake,News,Media,that,said,there,is,no"	path	to	victory	for	Trump"	that	is	now	pushing	the	phony	Russia	story.	A	total	scam!																																
Sleepy	Eyes	Chuck	Todd	and	@NBCNews	start	talking	about	the	Obama	SURVEILLANCE	SCANDAL	and	stop	with	the	Fake	Trump/Russia	story?																																		
going	to	defend	our	industry	&amp;	create	a	level	playing	field	for	the	American	worker.	It	is	time	to	put…	https://t.co/dzPKJMghj1																																	
American	Manufacturing	Survey	Showing	Highest	Level	of	Optimism	in	20	Years'	➡️…	https://t.co/cVWXOa1MjY																																									
an	exciting	time	for	our	country!#WeeklyAddress	#ConfirmGorsuch	https://t.co/tP4bkvTOBq																																														
https://t.co/WkqHYMcYa3																																																					
with	a	wonderful	woman	today	former	Secretary	of	State	Condoleezza	Rice!	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/ZuriIC3YwG																																									
an	honor	to	welcome	the	Prime	Minister	of	Denmark	Lars	Løkke	Rasmussen	{@larsloekke}	to	the	@WhiteHouse	yes…	https://t.co/N1g0TiVnSp																																				
should	ask	for	immunity	in	that	this	is	a	witch	hunt	(excuse	for	big	election	loss)	by	media	&amp;	Dems	of	historic	proportion!																															
enlisting	the	full	potential	of	women	in	our	society	will	we	be	truly	able	to	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸…	https://t.co/cxhgYaxiek																																					
losses.	American	companies	must	be	prepared	to	look	at	other	alternatives.																																											
next	week	with	China	will	be	a	very	difficult	one	in	that	we	can	no	longer	have	massive	trade	deficits...																																		
@RepMarkMeadows	@Jim_Jordan	and	@Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace	#Obamacare																																																	
@Jim_Jordan	and	@Raul_Labrador	would	get	on	board	we	would	have	both	great	healthcare	and	massive	tax	cuts	&amp;	reform.																																			
@Jim_Jordan	and	Raul_Labrador	would	get	on	board	we	would	have	both	great	healthcare	and	massive	tax	cuts	&amp;	reform.																																			
from	@RepKenBuck.	Looks	like	some	in	the	Freedom	Caucus	are	helping	me	end	#Obamacare.	https://t.co/Y2vTnIBTBZ																																							
@nytimes	has	disgraced	the	media	world.	Gotten	me	wrong	for	two	solid	years.	Change	libel	laws?	https://t.co/QIqLgvYLLi																																					
Caucus	will	hurt	the	entire	Republican	agenda	if	they	don't	get	on	the	team	&amp;	fast.	We	must	fight	them	&amp;	Dems	in	2018!																														
honored	our	TRUE	American	heroes	on	the	first-ever	National	Vietnam	War	Veterans	Day.#ThankAVeteran…	https://t.co/deOHapcV4J																																								
and	I	were	honored	to	stop	by	the	Women's	Empowerment		Panel	this	afternoon	at	the	@WhiteHouse.…	https://t.co/phLPw8lgTu																																				
established	a	commission	on	combating	drug	addiction	and	the	opioid	crisis.	Watch	listening	session➡️…	https://t.co/ooF2ediqSt																																							
people	of	our	great	country	could	only	see	how	viciously	and	inaccurately	my	administration	is	covered	by	certain	media!																																			
the	failing	@nytimes	apologized	to	its	subscribers	right	after	the	election	because	their	coverage	was	so	wrong.	Now	worse!																																			
Fake	News	talk	about	Podesta	ties	to	Russia	as	covered	by	@FoxNews	or	money	from	Russia	to	Clinton	-	sale	of		Uranium?																															
ERA	IN	AMERICAN	ENERGY!	#MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸Watch	here:	https://t.co/EG02Fdlkba	https://t.co/XT12jqoIqj																																														
an	honor	to	welcome	@GLFOP	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today	with	@VP	Pence	&amp;	Attorney	General	Sessions.	THANK	YOU	fo…	https://t.co/VHzTB4c69h																																		
@NYTimes	would	do	much	better	if	they	were	honest!	https://t.co/ATy8R3knS2																																												
now	on	Podesta	and	Russia!																																																	
by	Ford	today.	Major	investment	to	be	made	in	three	Michigan	plants.	Car	companies	coming	back	to	U.S.		JOBS!	JOBS!	JOBS!																																
will	make	a	deal	with	me	on	healthcare	as	soon	as	ObamaCare	folds	-	not	long.	Do	not	worry	we	are	in	very		good	shape!																												
House	Freedom	Caucus	was	able	to	snatch	defeat	from	the	jaws	of	victory.	After	so	many	bad	years	they	were	ready	for	a	win!																														
Bill	the	Hillary	Russian	reset	praise	of	Russia	by	Hillary	or	Podesta	Russian	Company.	Trump	Russia	story	is	a	hoax.	#MAGA!																																	
the	House	Intelligence	Committee	looking	into	the	Bill	&amp;	Hillary	deal	that	allowed	big	Uranium	to	go	to	Russia	Russian	speech....																																	
is	doing	a	great	job	at	the	border.	Numbers	are	way	down.	Many	are	not	even	trying	to	come	in	anymore.																																	
smiling	in	D.C.	that	the	Freedom	Caucus	with	the	help	of	Club	For	Growth	and	Heritage	have	saved	Planned	Parenthood	&amp;	Ocare!																																
for	all	of	the	Trump	Rallies	today.	Amazing	support.	We	will	all	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																						
on	@FoxNews	tonight	at	9:00	P.M.																																																
explode	and	we	will	all	get	together	and	piece	together	a	great	healthcare	plan	for	THE	PEOPLE.	Do	not	worry!																																		
to	our	heroes!	➡️https://t.co/juAB1RmMh0	https://t.co/Sw5ea1OwUf																																																	
was	thrilled	to	announce	a	commitment	of	$25 	BILLION	&amp;	20K	AMERICAN	JOBS	over	the	next	4	years.	THANK	YOU…	https://t.co/nWJ1hNmzoR																																	
was	pleased	to	announce	the	official	approval	of	the	presidential	permit	for	the	#KeystonePipeline.	A	grea…	https://t.co/GWNo2XAueg																																					
is	that	the	Freedom	Caucus	which	is	very	pro-life	and	against	Planned	Parenthood	allows	P.P.	to	continue	if	they	stop	this	plan!																																
horrible	years	of	ObamaCare	(skyrocketing	premiums	&amp;	deductibles	bad	healthcare)	this	is	finally	your	chance	for	a	great	plan!																																			
an	honor	to	welcome	so	many	truckers	and	trucking	industry	leaders	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today!	https://t.co/M1veooVBNE																																						
taking	action	to	#RepealANDReplace	#Obamacare!	Contact	your	Rep	&amp;	tell	them	you	support	#AHCA.	#PassTheBill…	https://t.co/5lsrDJXfzb																																						
American	Kurt	Cochran	was	killed	in	the	London	terror	attack.	My	prayers	and	condolences	are	with	his	family	and	friends.																																		
the	totally	biased	and	fake	news	reports	of	the	so-called	Russia	story	on	NBC	and	ABC.	Such	dishonesty!																																				
U.K.	Prime	Minister	Theresa	May	today	to	offer	condolences	on	the	terrorist	attack	in	London.	She	is	strong	and	doing	very	well.																																
for	healthcare.	Working	hard!																																																		
#NationalAgDay	we	honor	our	great	American	farmers	&amp;	ranchers.	Their	hard	work	&amp;	dedication	are	ingrained…	https://t.co/IpGRhly2zj																																					
sign	S.442	today.	With	this	legislation	we	support	@NASA's	scientists	engineers	and	astronauts	in	the…	https://t.co/Z5VwluvJQx																																						
@HouseGOP	Conference	this	morning	at	the	U.S.	Capitol.	https://t.co/03e4YBIWr0	#PassTheBill	#MAGA🇺🇸…	https://t.co/3swdFWGQtP																																										
Louisville	Kentucky.	Together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/qGgWEWUvek																																										
Louisville	Kentucky-	on	my	way!	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/3QsBsib6kt																																															
&amp;	Lara.	Very	proud	and	happy	for	the	two	of	you!	https://t.co/s0T3cTQc40																																										
all	of	the	contact	with	the	Clinton	campaign	and	the	Russians?	Also	is	it	TRUE	that	the	DNC	would	not	let	the	FBI	in	to	look?																												
Fake	News	CNN	is	doing	polls	again	despite	the	fact	that	their	election	polls	were	a	WAY	OFF	disaster.	Much	higher	ratings	at	Fox																														
story	that	Congress	the	FBI	and	all	others	should	be	looking	into	is	the	leaking	of	Classified	information.	Must	find	leaker	now!																																
made	up	and	pushed	the	Russian	story	as	an	excuse	for	running	a	terrible	campaign.	Big	advantage	in	Electoral	College	&amp;	lost!																																
and	others	stated	that	there	is	no	evidence	Potus	colluded	with	Russia.	This	story	is	FAKE	NEWS	and	everyone	knows	it!																																	
Address	➡️https://t.co/ckVx2zgA1x	https://t.co/dTGZLvlsGv																																																			
of	money	to	NATO	&amp;	the	United	States	must	be	paid	more	for	the	powerful	and	very	expensive	defense	it	provides	to	Germany!																															
you	have	heard	from	the	FAKE	NEWS	I	had	a	GREAT	meeting	with	German	Chancellor	Angela	Merkel.	Nevertheless	Germany	owes.....																																		
with	the	@RepublicanStudy	Committee	this	morning	at	the	@WhiteHouse!	https://t.co/8Y2UoHoYaY																																												
																																																					
is	behaving	very	badly.	They	have	been	playing	the	United	States	for	years.	China	has	done	little	to	help!																																			
Fheile	Phadraig	to	all	of	my	great	Irish	friends!																																													
had	a	great	meeting	w/	the	Hispanic	Chamber	of	Commerce	at	the	WH	today.	Look	forward	to	tremendous	growth	&amp;	future	mtgs!																																
on	healthcare.	Improvements	being	made	-	Republicans	coming	together!																																													
to	welcome	the	Taoiseach	of	Ireland	@EndaKennyTD	to	the	@WhiteHouse	today	with	@VP	Pence.	🇺🇸🇮🇪	https://t.co/J3iTl2iSiQ																																						
that	puts	#AmericaFirst	must	make	safety	its	no.	1	priority—without	safety	there	can	be	no	prosperity:	https://t.co/9lxx1iQo7m																																					
Nashville	Tennessee!	https://t.co/6snvQ0DzXN																																																			
Tennessee!	Lets	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/m5UR4vv6UH																																															
Andrew	Jackson!	#POTUS7	#USA🇺🇸	https://t.co/GToWsWXiNv																																																	
be	interviewed	by	@TuckerCarlson	tonight	at	9:00	P.M.	on	@FoxNews.	Enjoy!																																											
optimistic	since	2009	It	will	only	get	better	as	we	continue	to	slash	unnecessary	regulations	and	when	we	begin	our	big	tax	cut!																															
to	a	big	rally	in	Nashville	Tennessee	tonight.	Big	crowd	of	great	people	expected.	Will	be	fun!																																					
going	to	Detroit	Michigan	(love)	today	for	a	big	meeting	on	bringing	back	car	production	to	State	&amp;	U.S.	Already	happening!																																	
imagine	what	the	outcry	would	be	if	@SnoopDogg	failing	career	and	all	had	aimed	and	fired	the	gun	at	President	Obama?	Jail	time!																															
really	believe	that	a	reporter	who	nobody	ever	heard	of	went,to,his,mailbox	and	found	my	tax	returns?	@NBCNews		FAKE	NEWS!																																		
in	America	–	and	the	results	will	be	even	better!	https://t.co/SYBl47CsZn																																											
JOBS!	https://t.co/wAkQMKdPXA																																																				
Washington	D.C.	@MayorBowser	and	Metro	GM	Paul	Wiedefeld	about	incoming	winter	storm	preparations	here…	https://t.co/mg0A4Hq3bD																																							
welcome	our	great	Cabinet	this	afternoon	for	our	first	meeting.	Unfortunately	4	seats	were	empty	because	S…	https://t.co/bMYph832hF																																				
session	w/	@VP	&amp;	@SecPriceMD.	Watch:	https://t.co/5ayQ4dr8Ip	#ReadTheBill:…	https://t.co/1cQI0ZBUv8																																													
imploding.	It	is	a	disaster	and	2017	will	be	the	worst	year	yet	by	far!	Republicans	will	come	together	and	save	the	day.																															
amazing	how	rude	much	of	the	media	is	to	my	very	hard	working	representatives.	Be	nice	you	will	do	much	better!																																	
making	great	progress	with	healthcare.	ObamaCare	is	imploding	and	will	only	get	worse.	Republicans	coming	together	to	get	job	done!																																		
-	11:00	A.M.	at	the	@WhiteHouse!	#MAGA🇺🇸➡️https://t.co/YSaPJnSX2i	https://t.co/Gb8iTGzb6j																																														
meet	this	years	@SenateYouth	delegates	w/	@VP	Pence	in	the	East	Room	of	the	@WhiteHouse.	Congratulations…	https://t.co/oQIx7LybCV																																					
Comfort	Just	Reached	Its	Highest	Level	in	a	Decade'	➡️https://t.co/S8nZgmeMMV	https://t.co/xC0piRa6eP																																											
you	hear	in	the	press	healthcare	is	coming	along	great.	We	are	talking	to	many	groups	and	it	will	end	in	a	beautiful	picture!																														
We	are	only	just	beginning.	Together	we	are	going	to	#MAGA!	https://t.co/BSp685Q9Qf	https://t.co/K7yeBZsf6r																																									
@RepCummings	today	at	the	@WhiteHouse.	Great	discussion!																																															
Report:	January	and	February	were	the	strongest	consecutive	months	for	hiring	since	August	and	September	2015																																						
Women's	Day	join	me	in	honoring	the	critical	role	of	women	here	in	America	&amp;	around	the	world.																																				
tremendous	respect	for	women	and	the	many	roles	they	serve	that	are	vital	to	the	fabric	of	our	society	and	our	economy.																																
sure	that	my	friend	@RandPaul	will	come	along	with	the	new	and	great	health	care	program	because	he	knows	Obamacare	is	a	disaster!																															
the	FAKE	NEWS	tell	you	that	there	is	big	infighting	in	the	Trump	Admin.	We	are	getting	along	great	and	getting	major	things	done!																														
working	on	a	new	system	where	there	will	be	competition	in	the	Drug	Industry.	Pricing	for	the	American	people	will	come	way	down!																															
getting	rid	of	state	lines	which	will	promote	competition	will	be	in	phase	2	&amp;	3	of	healthcare	rollout.	@foxandfriends																																		
years	Russia	ran,over	President	Obama	got	stronger	and	stronger	picked-off	Crimea	and	added	missiles.	Weak!	@foxandfriends																																						
new	Healthcare	Bill	is	now	out	for	review	and	negotiation.	ObamaCare	is	a	complete	and	total	disaster	-	is	imploding	fast!																																	
prisoners	released	by	the	Obama	Administration	from	Gitmo	have	returned	to	the	battlefield.	Just	another	terrible	decision!																																					
to	@exxonmobil	for	your	$20 	billion	investment	that	is	creating	more	than	45000	manufacturing	&amp;	construction	jobs	in	the	USA!																																		
&amp;	hire	American	are	the	principles	at	the	core	of	my	agenda	which	is:	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!	Thank	you	@exxonmobil.																																		
an	incredible	spirit	of	optimism	sweeping	the	country	right	now—we're	bringing	back	the	JOBS!	https://t.co/BNSLvKiEVj																																							
&amp;	manufacturing	jobs	in	the	U.S.	Gulf	Coast	region.	$20 	billion	investment.	We	are	already	winning	again	America!																																				
&amp;	hire	American	are	the	principals	at	the	core	of	my	agenda	which	is:	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!	Thank	you	@exxonmobil.																																		
Congratulates	Exxon	Mobil	for	Job-Creating	Investment	Program'https://t.co/adBzWhtq8S																																															
for	the	great	rallies	all	across	the	country.	Tremendous	support.	Make	America	Great	Again!																																								
it	that	secretly	said	to	Russian	President	Tell,Vladimir,that,after,the,election,I'll,have,more,flexibility?	@foxandfriends																																													
TRUE	the	DNC	would	not	allow	the	FBI	access	to	check	server	or	other	equipment	after	learning	it	was	hacked?	Can	that	be	possible?																														
isn't	voluntarily	leaving	the	Apprentice	he	was	fired	by	his	bad	(pathetic)	ratings	not	by	me.	Sad	end	to	great	show																																	
has	President	Obama	gone	to	tapp	my	phones	during	the	very	sacred	election	process.	This	is	Nixon/Watergate.	Bad	(or	sick)	guy!																																	
a	good	lawyer	could	make	a	great	case	out	of	the	fact	that	President	Obama	was	tapping	my	phones	in	October	just	prior	to	Election!																													
legal	for	a	sitting	President	to	be	wire,tapping	a	race	for	president	prior	to	an	election?	Turned	down	by	court	earlier.	A	NEW	LOW!																														
The	same	Russian	Ambassador	that	met	Jeff	Sessions	visited	the	Obama	White	House	22	times	and	4	times	last	year	alone.																																	
found	out	that	Obama	had	my	wires,tapped	in	Trump	Tower	just	before	the	victory.	Nothing	found.	This	is	McCarthyism!																																			
meeting	Jeff	Sessions	had	with	the	Russian	Amb	was	set	up	by	the	Obama	Administration	under	education	program	for	100	Ambs......																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/kuQiZDz4rA																																																			
demand	a	second	investigation	after	Schumer	of	Pelosi	for	her	close	ties	to	Russia	and	lying	about	it.	https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN																																			
demand	a	second	investigation	after	Schumer	of	Pelosi	for	her	close	ties	to	Russia	and	lying	about	it.	https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN																																			
fix	our	education	system	for	our	kids	to	Make	America	Great	Again.	Wonderful	day	at	Saint	Andrew	in	Orlando.	https://t.co/OTJaHcvLzf																																		
by	demand	a	second	investigation	after	Schumer	of	Pelosi	for	her	close	ties	to	Russia	and	lying	about	it.	https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN																																		
start	an	immediate	investigation	into	@SenSchumer	and	his	ties	to	Russia	and	Putin.	A	total	hypocrite!	https://t.co/Ik3yqjHzsA																																					
me	here:	https://t.co/SEavQK5zy5	https://t.co/EnyXYeqgcp																																																		
so	pathetic	that	the	Dems	have	still	not	approved	my	full	Cabinet.																																										
new	book	Green	Card	Warrior	is	a	must	read.	The	merit-based	system	is	the	way	to	go.	Canada	Australia!	@foxandfriends																																		
of	the	illegal	leaks	of	classified	and	other	information.	It	is	a	total	witch,hunt!																																								
The	Democrats	are	overplaying	their	hand.	They	lost	the	election	and	now	they	have	lost	their	grip	on	reality.	The	real	story...																																
whole	narrative	is	a	way	of	saving	face	for	Democrats	losing	an	election	that	everyone	thought	they	were	supposed.....																																			
is	an	honest	man.	He	did	not	say	anything	wrong.	He	could	have	stated	his	response	more	accurately	but	it	was	clearly	not....																															
8th	Election	Day	the	Stock	Market	has	posted	$3.20 	trillion	in	GAINS	and	consumer	confidence	is	at	a	15	year	high.	Jobs!																																
																																																					
																																																					
live	at	9:00	P.M.	#JointAddress	https://t.co/J882zbyVkJ	https://t.co/gTtK3vJmkU																																															
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	6:00	A.M.	Enjoy!																																														
viewed	more	favorably	than	Dems	in	Trump	era	(per	NBC/WSJ	poll)	via	@HotlineJosh:https://t.co/Soebxtg2Zd																																									
with	CEOs	of	leading	U.S.	health	insurance	companies	who	provide	great	healthcare	to	the	American	peo…	https://t.co/60jigi6ffS																																					
with	Governors	tonight	at	White	House.	Much	to	be	discussed	including	healthcare.																																										
is	FAKE	NEWS	put	out	by	the	Dems	and	played	up	by	the	media	in	order	to	mask	the	big	election	defeat	and	the	illegal	leaks!																												
time	the	failing	@nytimes	will	take	an	ad	(a	bad	one)	to	help	save	its	failing	reputation.	Try	reporting	accurately	&amp;	fairly!																																
for	DNC	Chairman	was	of	course	totally	rigged.	Bernie's	guy	like	Bernie	himself	never	had	a	chance.	Clinton	demanded	Perez!																																		
Thomas	Perez	who	has	just	been	named	Chairman	of	the	DNC.	I	could	not	be	happier	for	him	or	for	the	Republican	Party!																															
not	be	attending	the	White	House	Correspondents'	Association	Dinner	this	year.	Please	wish	everyone	well	and	have	a	great	evening!																																		
from	@WhiteHouse:	https://t.co/uaoQSHBOQB	https://t.co/7eF6aC6kEC																																																		
for	future	of	U.S.	business	AND	JOBS	with	the	DOW	having	an	11th	straight	record	close.	Big	tax	&amp;	regulation	cuts	coming!																																
has	not	reported	that	the	National	Debt	in	my	first	month	went	down	by	$12 	billion	vs	a	$200 	billion	increase	in	Obama	first	mo.																													
millions	of	people	who	voted	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	should	have	their	own	rally.	It	would	be	the	biggest	of	them	all!																															
media	knowingly	doesn't	tell	the	truth.	A	great	danger	to	our	country.	The	failing	@nytimes	has	become	a	joke.	Likewise	@CNN.	Sad!																																
to	fight	'epidemic'	of	human	trafficking	https://t.co/oDLZ2NdrtA																																															
CPAC!																																																					
leakers	within	the	FBI	itself.	Classified	information	is	being	given	to	media	that	could	have	a	devastating	effect	on	U.S.	FIND	NOW																																
is	totally	unable	to	stop	the	national	security	leakers	that	have	permeated	our	government	for	a	long	time.	They	can't	even......																																	
tonight	by	Henry	Kravis	at	The	Business	Council	of	Washington.	Looking	forward	to	it!																																								
shot	and	killed	yesterday	in	Chicago.	What	is	going	on	there	-	totally	out	of	control.	Chicago	needs	help!																																			
Edges	Higher	After	Trump	Renews	Jobs	Pledge'	https://t.co/WtrRJVFmvU																																														
enjoyed	my	tour	of	the	Smithsonian's	National	Museum	of	African	American	History	and	Culture...A	great	job	done	by	amazing	people!																																		
I	will	say	about	Rep.	Keith	Ellison	in	his	fight	to	lead	the	DNC	is	that	he	was	the	one	who	predicted	early	that	I	would	win!																											
angry	crowds	in	home	districts	of	some	Republicans	are	actually	in	numerous	cases	planned	out	by	liberal	activists.	Sad!																																			
oppose	sanctuary	cities'	https://t.co/s5QvsJWA6u																																																		
our	new	National	Security	Advisor	General	H.R.	McMaster.	Video:	https://t.co/BKn9r225Kk	https://t.co/VBXcJ1b6Pv																																											
General	H.R.	McMaster	National	Security	Advisor.																																																
Generals	at	Mar-a-Lago	in	Florida.	Very	interesting!																																															
DAY	-	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																																
public	a	break	-	The	FAKE	NEWS	media	is	trying	to	say	that	large	scale	immigration	in	Sweden	is	working	out	just	beautifully.	NOT!																														
as	to	what's	happening	in	Sweden	was	in	reference	to	a	story	that	was	broadcast	on	@FoxNews	concerning	immigrants	&amp;	Sweden.																																	
to	leave	for	Melbourne	Florida.	See	you	all	soon!																																													
having	many	meetings	this	weekend	at	The	Southern	White	House.	Big	5:00	P.M.	speech	in	Melbourne	Florida.	A	lot	to	talk	about!																																
the	main	stream	(fake	news)	media.The	White	House	is	running	VERY	WELL.	I	inherited	a	MESS	and	am	in	the	process	of	fixing	it.																														
to	the	Florida	rally	tomorrow.	Big	crowd	expected!																																														
Rush	Limbaugh.	Many	agree.Yet	FAKE	MEDIA		calls	it	differently!	Dishonest																																											
NEWS	media	(failing	@nytimes	@NBCNews	@ABC	@CBS	@CNN)	is	not	my	enemy	it	is	the	enemy	of	the	American	People!																																		
NEWS	media	(failing	@nytimes	@CNN	@NBCNews	and	many	more)				is	not	my	enemy	it	is	the	enemy	of	the	American	people.	SICK!																													
at	11:00am:Watch	here:	https://t.co/veqKmsGAwf	https://t.co/UzndIjIqjM																																																	
Kellogg	who	I	have	known	for	a	long	time	is	very	much	in	play	for	NSA	-	as	are	three	others.																																	
for	all	of	the	nice	statements	on	the	Press	Conference	yesterday.	Rush	Limbaugh	said	one	of	greatest	ever.	Fake	media	not	happy!																																
Charleston	South	Carolina	in	order	to	spend	time	with	Boeing	and	talk	jobs!	Look	forward	to	it.																																					
long	delays	by	the	Democrats	in	finally	approving	Dr.	Tom	Price	the	repeal	and	replacement	of	ObamaCare	is	moving	fast!																																		
bill	undoing	Obama	coal	mining	rule'	https://t.co/yMfT5r5RGh																																															
had	to	come	up	with	a	story	as	to	why	they	lost	the	election	and	so	badly	-306	so	they	made	up	a	story	-	RUSSIA.	Fake	news!																										
media	which	makes	up	stories	and	sources	is	far	more	effective	than	the	discredited	Democrats	-	but	they	are	fading	fast!																																	
has	finally	been	put	on	the	low-life	leakers!	They	will	be	caught!																																										
even	illegal	classified	leaking	has	been	a	big	problem	in	Washington	for	years.	Failing	@nytimes	(and	others)	must	apologize!																																			
hits	new	high	with	longest	winning	streak	in	decades.	Great	level	of	confidence	and	optimism	-	even	before	tax	plan	rollout!																																	
allow	Leopoldo	Lopez	a	political	prisoner	&amp;	husband	of	@liliantintori	(just	met	w/	@marcorubio)	o…	https://t.co/HhgE51dtSN																																						
Obamacare	in	'Death	Spiral'	#RepealAndReplace	https://t.co/dmHL7xIEQv																																																
in	Florida	this	Saturday	at	5pm	for	a	rally	at	the	Orlando-Melbourne	International	Airport!Tickets:…	https://t.co/OigfXFECPp																																							
the	United	States	@IsraeliPM	Benjamin	&amp;	Sara!#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint	Press	Conference:	https://t.co/GN6ALWUusN	https://t.co/bH60nBL5FP																																											
session	with	CEO's	of	the	Retail	Industry	Leaders	Association	this	morning!	https://t.co/sy6xJcWfcF																																										
scandal	here	is	that	classified	information	is	illegally	given	out	by	intelligence	like	candy.	Very	un-American!																																						
TAKEN	by	Russia	during	the	Obama	Administration.	Was	Obama	too	soft	on	Russia?																																									
to	Eli	Lake	of	The	Bloomberg	View	-	The,NSA,&amp;,FBI...should,not,interfere,in,our,politics...and,is	Very	serious	situation	for	USA																																								
being	illegally	given	to	the	failing	@nytimes	&amp;	@washingtonpost	by	the	intelligence	community	(NSA	and	FBI?).Just	like	Russia																																				
connection	non-sense	is	merely	an	attempt	to	cover-up	the	many	mistakes	made	in	Hillary	Clinton's	losing	campaign.																																					
news	media	is	going	crazy	with	their	conspiracy	theories	and	blind	hatred.	@MSNBC	&amp;	@CNN	are	unwatchable.	@foxandfriends	is	great!																																		
to	fail.	Humana	to	pull	out	in	2018	Will	repeal	replace	&amp;	save	healthcare	for	ALL	Americans.	https://t.co/glWEQ0lNR4																																				
President	Trump	at	Signing	of	H.J.	Resolution	41'https://t.co/Q3MoCGAc54	https://t.co/yGDDTKm9Br																																													
listening	session	this	morning	with	@VP	Pence	&amp;	@usedgov	Secretary	@BetsyDeVos.	Watch:…	https://t.co/nuLTs513Ot																																									
story	here	is	why	are	there	so	many	illegal	leaks	coming	out	of	Washington?	Will	these	leaks	be	happening	as	I	deal	on	N.Korea	etc?																													
our	new	#VASecretary	Dr.	David	Shulkin.	Time	to	take	care	of	Veterans	who	have	fought	to	protect…	https://t.co/FNewjbHuw4																																				
Secretary	Steven	Mnuchin!	#ICYMI-	watch	here:	https://t.co/RPsmw4yD7y	https://t.co/K8tWLlXiYK																																														
with	Canadian	PM	@JustinTrudeau	and	a	group	of	leading	CEO's	&amp;	business	women	from	Canada🇨🇦and	th…	https://t.co/wAoCOaYeZ6																																					
the	@WhiteHouse	Prime	Minister	@JustinTrudeau!	https://t.co/WKgF8Zo9ri																																																
will	meet	with	Canadian	PM	Trudeau	and	a	group	of	leading	business	women	to	discuss	women	in	the	workforce.	https://t.co/bFAHPRXHdP																																		
Florida.	Big	crowds	of	enthusiastic	supporters	lining	the	road	that	the	FAKE	NEWS	media	refuses	to	mention.	Very	dishonest!																																			
Miller-	on	representing	me	this	morning	on	the	various	Sunday	morning	shows.	Great	job!																																								
Mark	Cuban	well.	He	backed	me	big-time	but	I	wasn't	interested	in	taking	all	of	his	calls.He's	not	smart	enough	to	run	for	president!																														
days	of	very	productive	talks	Prime	Minister	Abe	is	heading	back	to	Japan.	L																																								
FAKE	NEWS	@CNN	Bernie	Sanders	was	cut	off	for	using	the	term	fake	news	to	describe	the	network.	They	said	technical	difficulties!																																
refugees	admitted	into	U.S.	(2/3	-2/11)	during	COURT	BREAKDOWN	are	from	7	countries:	SYRIA	IRAQ	SOMALIA	IRAN	SUDAN	LIBYA	&amp;	YEMEN																																	
on	illegal	criminals	is	merely	the	keeping	of	my	campaign	promise.	Gang	members	drug	dealers	&amp;	others	are	being	removed!																																		
Statement	with	Prime	Minister	Shinzo	Abe	on	North	Korea.	https://t.co/qEC87FKB1D																																												
dinner	tonight	with	Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan	and	his	representatives	at	the	Winter	White	House	(Mar-a-Lago).	Very	good	talks!																																		
today	with	Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan	and	@TheBig_Easy	Ernie	Els	and	had	a	great	time.	Japan	is	very	well	represented!																																	
today	with	Prime	Minister	Abe	of	Japan	and	@TheBig_Easy	Ernie	Els	and	had	a	great	time.	Japan	is	very	well	represented!																																	
so	proud	of	my	daughter	Ivanka.	To	be	abused	and	treated	so	badly	by	the	media	and	to	still	hold	her	head	so	high	is	truly	wonderful!																											
great	time	hosting	Prime	Minister	Shinzo	Abe	in	the	United	States!	https://t.co/Fvjsac89qS…	https://t.co/hKqbMB2aQ9																																									
I	are	hosting	Japanese	Prime	Minister	Shinzo	Abe	and	Mrs.	Abe	at	Mar-a-Lago	in	Palm	Beach	Fla.	They	are	a	wonderful	couple!																																
negotiations	yet.	When	I	do	just	like	with	the	F-35	FighterJet	or	the	Air	Force	One	Program	price	will	come	WAY	DOWN!																																
reading	that	the	great	border	WALL	will	cost	more	than	the	government	originally	thought	but	I	have	not	gotten	involved	in	the.....																																
system	is	broken!	77%,of,refugees,allowed,into,U.S.,since,travel,reprieve,hail,from,seven,suspect,countries.	(WT)		SO	DANGEROUS!																																														
Joint	Base	Andrews	on	#MarineOne	with	Prime	Minister	Shinzō	earlier	today.	https://t.co/4JFhyYdeHO																																										
@nytimes	does	major	FAKE	NEWS	China	story	saying	Mr.Xi,has,not,spoken,to,Mr.,Trump,since,Nov.14.	We	spoke	at	length	yesterday!																																								
A	disgraceful	decision!																																																			
IN	COURT	THE	SECURITY	OF	OUR	NATION	IS	AT	STAKE!																																												
live	in	the	Oval	Office	for	the	swearing	in	of	our	new	Attorney	General	@SenatorSessions!LIVE:…	https://t.co/QeW6vjog4A																																						
on	a	winning	mission	(	according	to	General	Mattis)	not	a	failure.	Time	for	the	U.S.	to	get	smart	and	start	winning	again!																															
doesn't	know	how	to	win	anymore	just	look	at	the	mess	our	country	is	in	-	bogged	down	in	conflict	all	over	the	place.	Our	hero..																												
should	not	be	talking	about	the	success	or	failure	of	a	mission	to	the	media.	Only	emboldens	the	enemy!	He's	been	losing	so....																															
in	his	interview	with	Sen.	Blumenthal	never	asked	him	about	his	long-term	lie	about	his	brave	service	in	Vietnam.	FAKE	NEWS!																																	
who	never	fought	in	Vietnam	when	he	said	for	years	he	had	(major	lie)now	misrepresents	what	Judge	Gorsuch	told	him?																																		
our	new	Attorney	General	@SenatorSessions!	https://t.co/e0buP1K83z																																																
seen	as	more	truthful	than	news	media'https://t.co/6LmsR5JOSW																																															
Leading	EU	Nations	Support	Trump-Style	Travel	Ban'	Poll	of	more	than	10000	people	in	10	countries...https://t.co/KWsIWhtC9o																																						
Is	One	Of	Trump's	Most	Popular	Orders	So	Far'	https://t.co/wAelwuQ4BE																																												
Brian	Krzanich	CEO	of	@Intel.	A	great	investment	($7	BILLION)	in	American	INNOVATION	and	JOBS!…	https://t.co/oicfDsPKHQ																																						
in	traffic	into	our	country	from	certain	areas	while	our	people	are	far	more	vulnerable	as	we	wait	for	what	should	be	EASY	D!																														
News	Stories	Reporters	Have	Run	Since	Trump	Won'	https://t.co/0dHld5kiVc																																													
Ivanka	has	been	treated	so	unfairly	by	@Nordstrom.	She	is	a	great	person	--	always	pushing	me	to	do	the	right	thing!	Terrible!																															
to	our	great	Police	Chiefs	&amp;	Sheriffs	for	your	leadership	&amp;	service.	You	have	a	TRUE	friend	in	the…	https://t.co/Lysnv8ZR1h																																		
be	speaking	at	9:00	A.M.	today	to	Police	Chiefs	and	Sheriffs	and	will	be	discussing	the	horrible	dangerous	and	wrong	decision.......																																	
U.S.	does	not	win	this	case	as	it	so	obviously	should	we	can	never	have	the	security	and	safety	to	which	we	are	entitled.	Politics!																													
a	disgrace	that	my	full	Cabinet	is	still	not	in	place	the	longest	such	delay	in	the	history	of	our	country.	Obstruction	by	Democrats!																														
having	the	National	Sheriffs'	Assoc.	join	me	at	the	@WhiteHouse.	Incredible	men	&amp;	women	who	protect	&amp;	serv…	https://t.co/1LkhbCNh8L																																			
know	Putin	have	no	deals	in	Russia	and	the	haters	are	going	crazy	-	yet	Obama	can	make	a	deal	with	Iran	#1	in	terror	no	problem!																											
know	Putin	have	no	deals	in	Russia	and	the	haters	are	going	crazy	-	yet	Obama	can	make	a	deal	with	Iran	#1in	terror	no	problem!																												
from	radical	Islamic	terrorism	is	very	real	just	look	at	what	is	happening	in	Europe	and	the	Middle-East.	Courts	must	act	fast!																																
@nytimes	was	forced	to	apologize	to	its	subscribers	for	the	poor	reporting	it	did	on	my	election	win.	Now	they	are	worse!																																
interview	from	the	Super	Bowl	with	@oreillyfactor	airs	tonight	at	8:00	P.M.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/kZdHqaNTVR																																								
@nytimes	writes	total	fiction	concerning	me.	They	have	gotten	it	wrong	for	two	years	and	now	are	making	up	stories	&amp;	sources!																																
interviewed	on	@oreillyfactor	tonight	at	8:00	P.M.																																															
my	own	shots	largely	based	on	an	accumulation	of	data	and	everyone	knows	it.	Some	FAKE	NEWS	media	in	order	to	marginalize	lies!																															
polls	are	fake	news	just	like	the	CNN	ABC	NBC	polls	in	the	election.	Sorry	people	want	border	security	and	extreme	vetting.																																
amazing	comeback	and	win	by	the	Patriots.	Tom	Brady	Bob	Kraft	and	Coach	B	are	total	winners.	Wow!																																				
#SuperBowl	and	then	we	continue:	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																													
be	interviewed	by	@oreillyfactor	at	4:00	P.M.	(prior	to	the	#SuperBowl	Pre-game	Show)	on	Fox	Network.	Enjoy!																																					
instructed	Homeland	Security	to	check	people	coming	into	our	country	VERY	CAREFULLY.	The	courts	are	making	the	job	very	difficult!																																		
	believe	a	judge	would	put	our	country	in	such	peril.	If	something	happens	blame	him	and	court	system.	People	pouring	in.	Bad!																															
opens	up	our	country	to	potential	terrorists	and	others	that	do	not	have	our	best	interests	at	heart.	Bad	people	are	very	happy!																															
@oreillyfactor	on	Fox	Network	-	4:00	P.M.	(prior	to	Super	Bowl).	Enjoy!																																										
the	lawyers	looking	at	and	using	the	Federal	Court	decision	in	Boston	which	is	at	conflict	with	ridiculous	lift	ban	decision?																																	
ban	was	lifted	by	a	judge	many	very	bad	and	dangerous	people	may	be	pouring	into	our	country.	A	terrible	decision																																	
our	country	coming	to	when	a	judge	can	halt	a	Homeland	Security	travel	ban	and	anyone	even	with	bad	intentions	can	come	into	U.S.?																														
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
forced	to	apologize	for	its	bad	and	inaccurate	coverage	of	me	after	winning	the	election	the	FAKE	NEWS	@nytimes	is	still	lost!																																
of	this	so-called	judge	which	essentially	takes	law-enforcement	away	from	our	country	is	ridiculous	and	will	be	overturned!																																				
certain	Middle-Eastern	countries	agree	with	the	ban.	They	know	if	certain	people	are	allowed	in	it's	death	&amp;	destruction!																																			
country	is	no	longer	able	to	say	who	can	and	who	cannot		come	in	&amp;	out	especially	for	reasons	of	safety	&amp;.security	-	big	trouble!																												
U.S.	companies	taxes	or	tariffs	while	the	U.S.	charges	them	nothing	or	little.We	should	charge	them	SAME	as	they	charge	us!																																	
keep	evil	out	of	our	country!																																																
radical	Islamic	terrorist	has	just	attacked	in	Louvre	Museum	in	Paris.	Tourists	were	locked	down.	France	on	edge	again.	GET	SMART	U.S.																																
thugs	and	paid	protesters	are	proving	the	point	of	the	millions	of	people	who	voted	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																		
biggest	business	leaders	this	morning.	Good	jobs	are	coming	back	to	U.S.	health	care	and	tax	bills	are	being	crafted	NOW!																																	
to	Prime	Minister	of	Australia	for	telling	the	truth	about	our	very	civil	conversation	that	FAKE	NEWS	media	lied	about.	Very	nice!																																
playing	with	fire	-	they	don't	appreciate	how	kind	President	Obama	was	to	them.	Not	me!																																						
Schwarzenegger	did	a	really	bad	job	as	Governor	of	California	and	even	worse	on	the	Apprentice...but	at	least	he	tried	hard!																																	
@Samsung!	We	would	love	to	have	you!	https://t.co/r5nxC9oOA4																																														
on	its	last	legs	and	ready	to	collapse	until	the	U.S.	came	along	and	gave	it	a	life-line	in	the	form	of	the	Iran	Deal:	$150 	billion																											
been	formally	PUT	ON	NOTICE	for	firing	a	ballistic	missile.Should	have	been	thankful	for	the	terrible	deal	the	U.S.	made	with	them!																																
Ryan	Owens'	Dignified	Transfer	yesterday	with	my	daughter	Ivanka	was	my	great	honor.	To	a	great	and	brave	man	-	thank	you!																																
Rex	Tillerson	on	being	sworn	in	as	our	new	Secretary	of	State.	He	will	be	a	star!																																					
Berkeley	does	not	allow	free	speech	and	practices	violence	on	innocent	people	with	a	different	point	of	view	-	NO	FEDERAL	FUNDS?																																
believe	it?	The	Obama	Administration	agreed	to	take	thousands	of	illegal	immigrants	from	Australia.	Why?	I	will	study	this	dumb	deal!																																	
rapidly	taking	over	more	and	more	of	Iraq	even	after	the	U.S.	has	squandered	three	trillion	dollars	there.	Obvious	long	ago!																																	
arguing	whether	or	not	it	is	a	BAN.	Call	it	what	you	want	it	is	about	keeping	bad	people	(with	bad	intentions)	out	of	country!																													
like	my	nomination	of	Judge	Neil	Gorsuch	for	the	United	States	Supreme	Court.	He	is	a	good	and	brilliant	man	respected	by	all.																															
live	from	the	@WhiteHouse.https://t.co/LHOs4nAaGl																																																		
to	deliver	a	VERY	IMPORTANT	DECISION!		8:00	P.M.																																													
the	Democrats	give	us	our	Attorney	General	and	rest	of	Cabinet!	They	should	be	ashamed	of	themselves!	No	wonder	D.C.	doesn't	work!																																
and	Fake	Tears	Chuck	Schumer	held	a	rally		at	the	steps	of	The	Supreme	Court	and	mic	did	not	work	(a	mess)-just	like	Dem	party!																												
are	delaying	my	cabinet	picks	for	purely	political	reasons.	They	have	nothing	going	but	to	obstruct.	Now	have	an	Obama	A.G.																																	
dream	is	back.	We’re	going	to	create	an	environment	for	small	business	like	we	haven’t	had	in	many	ma…	https://t.co/Bh7SrNEgz1																																		
all	the	outrage	from	Democrats	and	the	opposition	party	(the	media)	when	our	jobs	were	fleeing	our	country?																																				
made	my	decision	on	who	I	will	nominate	for	The	United	States	Supreme	Court.	It	will	be	announced	live	on	Tuesday	at	8:00	P.M.	(W.H.)																													
ban	were	announced	with	a	one	week	notice	the	bad	would	rush	into	our	country	during	that	week.	A	lot	of	bad	dudes	out	there!																													
nothing	nice	about	searching	for	terrorists	before	they	can	enter	our	country.	This	was	a	big	part	of	my	campaign.	Study	the	world!																															
the	tears	of	Senator	Schumer.	Secretary	Kelly	said	that	all	is	going	well	with	very	few	problems.	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AGAIN!																																	
people	out	of	325000	were	detained	and	held	for	questioning.	Big	problems	at	airports	were	caused	by	Delta	computer	outage.....																																		
be	interviewed	by	@TheBrodyFile	on	@CBNNews	tonight	at	11pm.	Enjoy!																																												
Recent	Executive	Order	Concerning	Extreme	Vetting:	https://t.co/f6JO60I0Ul																																															
focus	their	energies	on	ISIS	illegal	immigration	and	border	security	instead	of	always	looking	to	start	World	War	III.																																			
statement	of	former	presidential	candidates	John	McCain	&amp;	Lindsey	Graham	is	wrong	-	they	are	sadly	weak	on	immigration.	The	two...																																	
the	Middle-East	have	been	executed	in	large	numbers.	We	cannot	allow	this	horror	to	continue!																																							
needs	strong	borders	and	extreme	vetting	NOW.	Look	what	is	happening	all	over	Europe	and	indeed	the	world	-	a	horrible	mess!																																
aptitude	and	conviction	should	buy	the	FAKE	NEWS	and	failing	@nytimes	and	either	run	it	correctly	or	let	it	fold	with	dignity!																																
be	interviewed	by	@TheBrodyFile	on	@CBNNews	tonight	at	11pm.	Enjoy!																																												
remember	the	crew	of	the	Space	Shuttle	Challenger	31	years	later.	#NeverForget	https://t.co/OhshQsFRfl																																									
and	readers.They	got	me	wrong	right	from	the	beginning	and	still	have	not	changed	course	and	never	will.	DISHONEST																																			
about	me	in	the	@nytimes	and	the	@washingtonpost	gas	been	so	FALSE	and	angry	that	the	times	actually	apologized	to	its.....																																	
@nytimes	has	been	wrong	about	me	from	the	very	beginning.	Said	I	would	lose	the	primaries	then	the	general	election.	FAKE	NEWS!																																
that	our	administration	will	ALWAYS	have	your	back.	We	will	ALWAYS	be	with	you!	https://t.co/D0aOWhOH4X																																							
Mattis!	https://t.co/mkuhbegzqS																																																				
International	Holocaust	Remembrance	Day:	https://t.co/KjU0MOxCHk																																																	
Pence	will	be	speaking	at	today's	#MarchForLife	--	You	have	our	full	support!	https://t.co/1jb53SEGV4																																								
is	so	important.	To	all	of	you	marching	---	you	have	my	full	support!																																								
taken	advantage	of	the	U.S.	for	long	enough.	Massive	trade	deficits	&amp;	little	help	on	the	very	weak	border	must	change	NOW!																																
to	seeing	final	results	of	VoteStand.	Gregg	Phillips	and	crew	say	at	least	3000000	votes	were	illegal.	We	must	do	better!																																	
drops	sanctuary	policy.	Right	decision.	Strong!	https://t.co/MtPvaDC4jM																																															
interviewed	by	@SeanHannity	on	@FoxNews	at	10:00pm	tonight.	Enjoy!																																													
the	Congressional	@GOP	Retreat	in	Philadelphia	PA.	this	afternoon	w/	@VP	@SenateMajLdr	@SpeakerRyan.	Th…	https://t.co/ALSADGrwoe																																							
the	Congressional	@GOP	Retreat	in	Philadelphia	PA.	this	afternoon	w/	@VP	@SenMajLeader	@SpeakerRyan.	Th…	https://t.co/s4sTbSyBSR																																							
and	companies	lost.	If	Mexico	is	unwilling	to	pay	for	the	badly	needed	wall	then	it	would	be	better	to	cancel	the	upcoming	meeting.																														
has	a	60	billion	dollar	trade	deficit	with	Mexico.	It	has	been	a	one-sided	deal	from	the	beginning	of	NAFTA	with	massive	numbers...																															
Chelsea	Manning	who	should	never	have	been	released	from	prison	is	now	calling	President	Obama	a	weak	leader.	Terrible!																																			
David	Muir	of	@ABC	News	in	10	minutes.	Enjoy!																																													
President	I	have	no	higher	duty	than	to	protect	the	lives	of	the	American	people.	https://t.co/o7YNUNwb8f																																						
the	United	States	of	America	gets	back	control	of	its	borders.	Full	speech	from	today	@DHSgov:…	https://t.co/8aDaHsAhg9																																					
be	interviewed	by	@DavidMuir	tonight	at	10	o'clock	on	@ABC.	Will	be	my	first	interview	from	the	White	House.…	https://t.co/4zuOrRdcoc																																		
be	making	my	Supreme	Court	pick	on	Thursday	of	next	week.Thank	you!																																										
registered	to	vote	who	are	dead	(and	many	for	a	long	time).	Depending	on	results	we	will	strengthen	up	voting	procedures!																																	
be	asking	for	a	major	investigation	into	VOTER	FRAUD	including	those	registered	to	vote	in	two	states	those	who	are	illegal	and....																																
planned	on	NATIONAL	SECURITY	tomorrow.	Among	many	other	things	we	will	build	the	wall!																																								
doesn't	fix	the	horrible	carnage	going	on	228	shootings	in	2017	with	42	killings	(up	24%	from	2016)	I	will	send	in	the	Feds!																														
@FoxNews	for	being	number	one	in	inauguration	ratings.	They	were	many	times	higher	than	FAKE	NEWS	@CNN	-	public	is	smart!																																	
with	Ford	CEO	Mark	Fields	and	General	Motors	CEO	Mary	Barra	at	the	@WhiteHouse	today.	https://t.co/T0eIgO6LP8																																						
to	move	forward	with	the	construction	of	the	Keystone	XL	and	Dakota	Access	pipelines	in	the	Oval	Off…	https://t.co/aOxmfO0vOK																																			
with	automobile	industry	leaders	at	the	@WhiteHouse	this	morning.	Together	we	will	#MAGA!	https://t.co/OXdiLOkGsZ																																								
delivered	yesterday	that	will	be	displayed	in	the	upper/lower	press	hall.	Thank	you	Abbas!	https://t.co/Uzp0ivvRp0																																							
meeting	at	9:00	with	top	automobile	executives	concerning	jobs	in	America.	I	want	new	plants	to	be	built	here	for	cars	sold	here!																															
planned	with	a	heavy	focus	on	jobs	and	national	security.	Top	executives	coming	in	at	9:00	A.M.	to	talk	manufacturing	in	America.																																
are	a	hallmark	of	our	democracy.	Even	if	I	don't	always	agree	I	recognize	the	rights	of	people	to	express	their	views.																																
ratings	just	out:	31	million	people	watched	the	Inauguration	11	million	more	than	the	very	good	ratings	from	4	years	ago!																																	
yesterday	but	was	under	the	impression	that	we	just	had	an	election!	Why	didn't	these	people	vote?	Celebs	hurt	cause	badly.																																	
great	meeting	at	CIA	Headquarters	yesterday	packed	house	paid	great	respect	to	Wall	long	standing	ovations	amazing	people.	WIN!																																			
day	and	evening	in	Washington	D.C.Thank	you	to	@FoxNews	and	so	many	other	news	outlets	for	the	GREAT	reviews	of	the	speech!																																
for	another	wonderful	evening	in	Washington	D.C.	TOGETHER	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN🇺🇸	https://t.co/V3aoj9RUh4																																							
AMERICANS🇺🇸https://t.co/D7Es6ie4fY																																																					
all	Americans	in	every	city	near	and	far	small	and	large	from	mountain	to	mountain...https://t.co/cZKkrGXLSi																																							
time	to	remember	that...https://t.co/ZKyOiOor62																																																		
follow	two	simple	rules:	BUY	AMERICAN	&amp;	HIRE	AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay	#MAGA🇺🇸																																												
bring	back	our	jobs.	We	will	bring	back	our	borders.	We	will	bring	back	our	wealth	-	and	we	will	bring	back	our	dreams!																														
men	and	women	of	our	country	will	be	forgotten	no	longer.	From	this	moment	on	it’s	going	to	be	#AmericaFirst🇺🇸																																		
2017	will	be	remembered	as	the	day	the	people	became	the	rulers	of	this	nation	again.																																						
matters	is	not	which	party	controls	our	government	but	whether	our	government	is	controlled	by	the	people.																																					
Washington	D.C.	and	giving	it	back	to	you	the	American	People.	#InaugurationDay																																										
are	not	merely	transferring	power	from	one	Administration	to	another	or	from	one	party	to	another	–	but	we	are	transferring...																																	
begins	today!	I	will	see	you	at	11:00	A.M.	for	the	swearing-in.	THE	MOVEMENT	CONTINUES	-	THE	WORK	BEGINS!																																			
for	a	wonderful	evening	in	Washington	D.C.	#Inauguration	https://t.co/a6xpFQTHj5																																													
for	joining	us	at	the	Lincoln	Memorial	tonight-	a	very	special	evening!	Together	we	are	going	to	MAKE	AM…	https://t.co/OSxa3BamHs																																		
at	4pm	over	at	the	Lincoln	Memorial	with	my	family!#Inauguration2017	https://t.co/GQeQpJOgWz																																											
at	4:00	P.M.	today	at	Lincoln	Memorial.	Enjoy!																																														
way!	#Inauguration2017	https://t.co/hOuMbxGnpe																																																			
people.	I	have	no	doubt	that	we	will	together	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																									
to	leave	for	Washington	D.C.	The	journey	begins	and	I	will	be	working	and	fighting	very	hard	to	make	it	a	great	journey	for..																														
today	by	Reverend	Franklin	Graham.																																																	
to	our	amazing	Wounded	Warriors	for	their	service.	It	was	an	honor	to	be	with	them	tonight	in	D.C.…	https://t.co/Qj5cpfaykD																																		
@TheLeeGreenwood		and	Kimberly	at	this	evenings	VP	dinner!	#GodBlessTheUSA	https://t.co/SxVmaWvOFT																																											
to	a	speedy	recovery	for	George	and	Barbara	Bush	both	hospitalized.	Thank	you	for	your	wonderful	letter!																																					
inaugural	address	at	the	Winter	White	House	Mar-a-Lago	three	weeks	ago.	Looking	forward	to	Friday.…	https://t.co/J0ojOXjrga																																						
great	last	night	in	D.C.	playing	for	147	Diplomats	and	Ambassadors	from	countries	around	the	world.	Thanks	Alabama!																																				
the	Today	Show	on	biased	@NBC	is	doing	so	badly	compared	to	its	glorious	past.	Little	credibility!																																					
																																																					
U.S.	but	had	nothing	to	do	with	TRUMP	is	more	FAKE	NEWS.	Ask	top	CEO's	of	those	companies	for	real	facts.	Came	back	because	of	me!																												
@NBCNews	went	out	of	its	way	to	say	that	the	big	announcement	from	Ford	G.M.	Lockheed	&amp;	others	that	jobs	are	coming	back...																															
interviewed	by	@ainsleyearhardt	on	@foxandfriends	-	Enjoy!																																															
to	General	Motors	and	Walmart	for	starting	the	big	jobs	push	back	into	the	U.S.!																																							
																																																					
familiar!	WP																																																				
said	about	my	inauguration	It,will,be,the,first,one,that,I've,missed.	WRONG	(or	lie)!	He	boycotted	Bush	43	also	because	he...																																							
with	the	massive	cost	reductions	I	have	negotiated	on	military	purchases	and	more	I	believe	the	people	are	seeing	big,stuff.																																		
of	the	jobs	I	am	bringing	back	into	the	U.S.	(even	before	taking	office)	with	all	of	the	new	auto	plants	coming	back	into	our.....																													
people	who	did	the	phony	election	polls	and	were	so	wrong	are	now	doing	approval	rating	polls.	They	are	rigged	just	like	before.																															
pouring	into	Washington	in	record	numbers.	Bikers	for	Trump	are	on	their	way.	It	will	be	a	great	Thursday	Friday	and	Saturday!																																
P.M.	@CNN	of	all	places	is	doing	a	Special	Report	on	my	daughter	Ivanka.	Considering	it	is	CNN	can't	imagine	it	will	be	great!																														
Luther	King	Day	and	all	of	the	many	wonderful	things	that	he	stood	for.	Honor	him	for	being	the	great	man	that	he	was!																														
-	just	look	at	Syria	(red	line)	Crimea	Ukraine	and	the	build-up	of	Russian	nukes.	Not	good!	Was	this	the	leaker	of	Fake	News?																														
Oh	really	couldn't	do...																																																		
bad	but	Saturday	Night	Live	is	the	worst	of	NBC.	Not	funny	cast	is	terrible	always	a	complete	hit	job.	Really	bad	television!																															
Intelligence	chiefs	made	a	mistake	here	&amp;	when	people	make	mistakes	they	should	APOLOGIZE."	Media	should	also	apologize																																				
to	Bob	Woodward	who	said	"That,is,a,garbage,document...it,never,should,have,been,presented...Trump's,right,to,be,upset,(angry)...
For,many,years,our,country,has,been,divided,angry,and,untrusting.,Many,say,it,will,never,change,the,hatred,is,too,deep.,IT,WILL,CHANGE!!!!
will,only,get,higher.,Car,companies,and,others,if,they,want,to,do,business,in,our,country,have,to,start,making,things,here,again.,WIN!
The,Democrats,are,most,angry,that,so,many,Obama,Democrats,voted,for,me.,With,all,of,the,jobs,I,am,bringing,back,to,our,Nation,that,number..
Inauguration,Day,is,turning,out,to,be,even,bigger,than,expected.,January,20th,Washington,D.C.,Have,fun!
Congressman,John,Lewis,should,finally,focus,on,the,burning,and,crime,infested,inner-cities,of,the,U.S.,I,can,use,all,the,help,I,can,get!
INTELLIGENCE,INSIDERS,NOW,CLAIM,THE,TRUMP,DOSSIER,IS,A"	COMPLETE	FRAUD!"		@OANN																																												
infested)	rather	than	falsely	complaining	about	the	election	results.	All	talk	talk	talk	-	no	action	or	results.	Sad!																																			
Lewis	should	spend	more	time	on	fixing	and	helping	his	district	which	is	in	horrible	shape	and	falling	apart	(not	to......																																	
funeral	today	for	a	real	NYC	hero	Detective	Steven	McDonald.	Our	law	enforcement	community	has	my	complete	and	total	support.																																		
Care	Act	will	soon	be	history!																																																
allowed	to	run	-	guilty	as	hell.	They	were	VERY	nice	to	her.	She	lost	because	she	campaigned	in	the	wrong	states	-	no	enthusiasm!																													
Hillary	Clinton's	people	complaining	about	with	respect	to	the	F.B.I.	Based	on	the	information	they	had	she	should	never.....																																			
Intelligence	even	knowing	there	is	no	proof	and	never	will	be.	My	people	will	have	a	full	report	on	hacking	within	90	days!																															
up	facts	by	sleazebag	political	operatives	both	Democrats	and	Republicans	-	FAKE	NEWS!	Russia	says	nothing	exists.	Probably...																																				
turns	out	that	the	phony	allegations	against	me	were	put	together	by	my	political	opponents	and	a	failed	spy	afraid	of	being	sued....																															
my	Cabinet	nominee	are	looking	good	and	doing	a	great	job.	I	want	them	to	be	themselves	and	express	their	own	thoughts	not	mine!																														
the	Senate	for	taking	the	first	step	to	#RepealObamacare-	now	it's	onto	the	House!																																								
in	a	total	meltdown	with	their	FAKE	NEWS	because	their	ratings	are	tanking	since	election	and	their	credibility	will	soon	be	gone!																																
to	Linda	Bean	of	L.L.Bean	for	your	great	support	and	courage.	People	will	support	you	even	more	now.	Buy	L.L.Bean.	@LBPerfectMaine																																	
called	me	yesterday	to	denounce	the	FALSE	and	fictitious	report	that	was	illegally	circulated.	Made	up	phony	facts.Too	bad!																																			
a	great	News	Conference	at	Trump	Tower	today.	A	couple	of	FAKE	NEWS	organizations	were	there	but	the	people	truly	get	what's	going	on																														
should	never	have	allowed	this	fake	news	to	leak	into	the	public.	One	last	shot	at	me.Are	we	living	in	Nazi	Germany?																																
an	election	easily	a	great	movement	is	verified	and	crooked	opponents	try	to	belittle	our	victory	with	FAKE	NEWS.	A	sorry	state!																																
never	tried	to	use	leverage	over	me.	I	HAVE	NOTHING	TO	DO	WITH	RUSSIA	-	NO	DEALS	NO	LOANS	NO	NOTHING!																																	
said	the	unverified	report	paid	for	by	political	opponents	is	A,COMPLETE,AND,TOTAL,FABRICATION,UTTER,NONSENSE.	Very	unfair!																																									
Unverifiable	Trump-Russia	Claims'	#FakeNews	https://t.co/d6daCFZHNh																																																	
-	A	TOTAL	POLITICAL	WITCH	HUNT!																																																
Lift	Small	Business	Confidence	to	12-Yr.	High'https://t.co/MhbABREhzt	https://t.co/CWAvJ4fRdx																																														
optimism	soars	after	Trump	election'	https://t.co/WjBaTp824U																																																
Optimism	Index	Surges	by	Most	Since	1980'https://t.co/X22x1BttdG																																															
to	all	of	the	men	and	women	who	protect	&amp;	serve	our	communities	24/7/365!	#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay…	https://t.co/aqUbDipSgv																																						
picture	with	Nancy	and	Ronald	Reagan.	https://t.co/8kvQ1PzPAf																																															
last	week	that	it	will	expand	in	Michigan	and	U.S.	instead	of	building	a	BILLION	dollar	plant	in	Mexico.	Thank	you	Ford	&amp;	Fiat	C!																													
happening	-	Fiat	Chrysler	just	announced	plans	to	invest	$1BILLION	in	Michigan	and	Ohio	plants	adding	2000	jobs.	This	after...																																		
he	totally	changed	a	16	year	old	story	that	he	had	written	in	order	to	make	me	look	bad.	Just	more	very	dishonest	media!																														
who	lost	big.	For	the	100th	time	I	never	mocked	a	disabled	reporter	(would	never	do	that)	but	simply	showed	him.......																																	
one	of	the	most	over-rated	actresses	in	Hollywood	doesn't	know	me	but	attacked	last	night	at	the	Golden	Globes.	She	is	a.....																																
is	a	great	guy	who	likes	me	much	better	as	a	very	successful	candidate	than	he	ever	did	as	a	very	successful	developer!																															
says	Mexico	won't	be	paying	for	the	wall	if	they	pay	a	little	later	so	the	wall	can	be	built	more	quickly.	Media	is	fake!																													
or	anyone	saw	the	classified	and/or	highly	confidential	hacking	intelligence	report	it	was	leaked	out	to	@NBCNews.	So	serious!																																			
went	to	@MeetThePress	this	morning	for	an	interview	with	@chucktodd.	Dishonest	media	cut	out	9	of	her	10	minutes.	Terrible!																																		
very	much	forward	to	meeting	Prime	Minister	Theresa	May	in	Washington	in	the	Spring.	Britain	a	longtime	U.S.	ally	is	very	special!																																
Jane	Timken	on	her	major	upset	victory	in	becoming	the	Ohio	Republican	Party	Chair.	Jane	is	a	loyal	Trump	supporter	&amp;	star																																
will	perhaps	work	together	to	solve	some	of	the	many	great	and	pressing	problems	and	issues	of	the	WORLD!																																			
problems	around	the	world	without	yet	another	one.	When	I	am	President	Russia	will	respect	us	far	more	than	they	do	now	and....																															
good	relationship	with	Russia	is	a	good	thing	not	a	bad	thing.	Only	stupid	people	or	fools	would	think	that	it	is	bad!	We.....																														
the	hacking	of	the	poorly	defended	DNC	is	discussed	is	that	the	loss	by	the	Dems	was	so	big	that	they	are	totally	embarrassed!																														
very	strongly	there	was	absolutely	no	evidence	that	hacking	affected	the	election	results.	Voting	machines	not	touched!																																					
by	the	Democratic	National	Committee	allowed	hacking	to	take	place.The	Republican	National	Committee	had	strong	defense!																																						
@EricTrump!https://t.co/bJaEY7qFSn																																																					
terrible	situation	in	Florida.	Just	spoke	to	Governor	Scott.	Thoughts	and	prayers	for	all.	Stay	safe!																																						
asking	the	chairs	of	the	House	and	Senate	committees	to	investigate	top	secret	intelligence	shared	with	NBC	prior	to	me	seeing	it.																																
came	to	my	office	at	Trump	Tower	to	ask	me	to	meet	with	the	editors	of	Conde	Nast	&amp;	Steven	Newhouse	a	friend.	Will	go	this	AM.																											
movie	star-and	that	was	season	1	compared	to	season	14	Now	compare	him	to	my	season	1	But	who	cares	he	supported	Kasich	&amp;	Hillary																													
ratings	are	in	and	Arnold	Schwarzenegger	got	swamped	(or	destroyed)	by	comparison	to	the	ratings	machine	DJT.	So	much	for....																																		
supporters	and	those	who	want	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	will	go	to	D.C.	on	January	20th.	It	will	be	a	GREAT	SHOW!																															
they	were	in	big	trouble	-	which	is	why	they	cancelled	their	big	fireworks	at	the	last	minute.THEY	SAW	A	MOVEMENT	LIKE	NEVER	BEFORE																														
the	Dems	were	never	going	to	beat	the	PASSION	of	my	voters.	They	saw	what	was	happening	in	the	last	two	weeks	before	the......																														
media	does	not	report	that	any	money	spent	on	building	the	Great	Wall	(for	sake	of	speed)	will	be	paid	back	by	Mexico	later!																														
and	why	are	they	so	sure	about	hacking	if	they	never	even	requested	an	examination	of	the	computer	servers?	What	is	going	on?																															
National	Committee	would	not	allow	the	FBI	to	study	or	see	its	computer	info	after	it	was	supposedly	hacked	by	Russia......																																	
NBC	get	an,exclusive,look,into,the,top,secret,report,he,(Obama),was,presented?	Who	gave	them	this	report	and	why?	Politics!																																											
said	will	build	a	new	plant	in	Baja	Mexico	to	build	Corolla	cars	for	U.S.	NO	WAY!	Build	plant	in	U.S.	or	pay	big	border	tax.																												
up	their	own	minds	as	to	the	truth.	The	media	lies	to	make	it	look	like	I	am	against	Intelligence	when	in	fact	I	am	a	big	fan!																										
media	likes	saying	that	I	am	in	Agreement	with	Julian	Assange	-	wrong.	I	simply	state	what	he	states	it	is	for	the	people....																														
Republicans	&amp;	Democrats	to	get	together	and	come	up	with	a	healthcare	plan	that	really	works	-	much	less	expensive	&amp;	FAR	BETTER!																															
typical	political	thing	and	BLAME.	The	fact	is	ObamaCare	was	a	lie	from	the	beginning."Keep	you	doctor	keep	your	plan!"	It	is....																																
lead	by	head	clown	Chuck	Schumer	know	how	bad	ObamaCare	is	and	what	a	mess	they	are	in.	Instead	of	working	to	fix	it	they..																													
album	sales	have	skyrocketed	after	announcing	her	Inauguration	performance.Some	people	just	don't	understand	the	Movement																																							
of	ObamaCare	will	take	place	this	year	and	Dems	are	to	blame	for	the	mess.	It	will	fall	of	its	own	weight	-	be	careful!																													
116%	hike	in	Arizona.	Also	deductibles	are	so	high	that	it	is	practically	useless.	Don't	let	the	Schumer	clowns	out	of	this	web...																															
be	careful	in	that	the	Dems	own	the	failed	ObamaCare	disaster	with	its	poor	coverage	and	massive	premium	increases......																																			
did	and	said	(like	giving	the	questions	to	the	debate	to	H).	A	total	double	standard!	Media	as	usual	gave	them	a	pass.																															
the	DNC	but	why	did	they	not	have	hacking,defense	like	the	RNC	has	and	why	have	they	not	responded	to	the	terrible......																																
to	Ford	for	scrapping	a	new	plant	in	Mexico	and	creating	700	new	jobs	in	the	U.S.	This	is	just	the	beginning	-	much	more	to	follow																											
said	a,14,year,old,could,have,hacked,Podesta	-	why	was	DNC	so	careless?	Also	said	Russians	did	not	give	him	the	info!																																					
briefing	on	so-called	Russian,hacking	was	delayed	until	Friday	perhaps	more	time	needed	to	build	a	case.	Very	strange!																																				
be	having	a	general	news	conference	on	JANUARY	ELEVENTH	in	N.Y.C.	Thank	you.																																									
																																																					
be	no	further	releases	from	Gitmo.	These	are	extremely	dangerous	people	and	should	not	be	allowed	back	onto	the	battlefield.																																		
driving	jobs	and	wealth	away	AMERICA	will	become	the	world's	great	magnet	for	INNOVATION	&amp;	JOB	CREATION.https://t.co/siXrptsOrt																																					
their	number	one	act	and	priority.	Focus	on	tax	reform	healthcare	and	so	many	other	things	of	far	greater	importance!	#DTS																																	
that	Congress	has	to	work	on	do	they	really	have	to	make	the	weakening	of	the	Independent	Ethics	Watchdog	as	unfair	as	it																															
Governor.of	Minnesota	said	The,Affordable,Care,Act,(ObamaCare),is,no,longer,affordable!	-	And	it	is	lousy	healthcare.																																												
remember	that	ObamaCare	just	doesn't	work	and	it	is	not	affordable	-	116%	increases	(Arizona).	Bill	Clinton	called	it	CRAZY																																		
is	sending	Mexican	made	model	of	Chevy	Cruze	to	U.S.	car	dealers-tax	free	across	border.	Make	in	U.S.A.or	pay	big	border	tax!																																
been	taking	out	massive	amounts	of	money	&amp;	wealth	from	the	U.S.	in	totally	one-sided	trade	but	won't	help	with	North	Korea.	Nice!																															
just	stated	that	it	is	in	the	final	stages	of	developing	a	nuclear	weapon	capable	of	reaching	parts	of	the	U.S.	It	won't	happen!																														
and	felt	I	would	win	big	easily	over	the	fabled	270	(306).	When	they	cancelled	fireworks	they	knew	and	so	did	I.																																
outlets	and	pundits	say	that	I	thought	I	was	going	to	lose	the	election.	Wrong	it	all	came	together	in	the	last	week	and.....																														
released	a	book	called	Unprecedented	which	explores	the	2016	race	&amp;	victory.	Hope	it	does	well	but	used	worst	cover	photo	of	me!																															
rate	is	record	setting	-	4331	shooting	victims	with	762	murders	in	2016	If	Mayor	can't	do	it	he	must	ask	for	Federal	help!																														
New	Year	begins.	We	will	together	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																												
AMERICANS-#HappyNewYear	&amp;	many	blessings	to	you	all!	Looking	forward	to	a	wonderful	&amp;	prosperous	2017	as	we…	https://t.co/1asdMAL4iy																																				
@DonaldJTrumpJr!https://t.co/uRxyCD3hBz																																																					
Year	to	all	including	to	my	many	enemies	and	those	who	have	fought	me	and	lost	so	badly	they	just	don't	know	what	to	do.	Love!																												
playing	@CNN	and	@NBCNews	for	such	fools	-	funny	to	watch	they	don't	have	a	clue!	@FoxNews	totally	gets	it!																																		
founded	by	Hall	of	Fame	legend	@JimBrownNFL32	on	1/19/17	in	Washington	D.C.…	https://t.co/9WJZ8iTCQV																																									
on	delay	(by	V.	Putin)	-	I	always	knew	he	was	very	smart!																																									
will	follow	two	simple	rules:	https://t.co/ZWk0j4H8Qy																																																
Trump	delivered	hope'	https://t.co/SjGBgglIuQ																																																		
The	beginning	of	the	end	was	the	horrible	Iran	deal	and	now	this	(U.N.)!	Stay	strong	Israel	January	20th	is	fast	approaching!																																
continue	to	let	Israel	be	treated	with	such	total	disdain	and	disrespect.	They	used	to	have	a	great	friend	in	the	U.S.	but.......																															
best	to	disregard	the	many	inflammatory	President	O	statements	and	roadblocks.Thought	it	was	going	to	be	a	smooth	transition	-	NOT!																																	
Consumer	Confidence	Index	for	December	surged	nearly	four	points	to	113.7	THE	HIGHEST	LEVEL	IN	MORE	THAN	15	YEARS!	Thanks	Donald!																																	
campaigned	hard	(and	personally)	in	the	very	important	swing	states	and	lost.The	voters	wanted	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																			
Foundation	unlike	most	foundations	never	paid	fees	rent	salaries	or	any	expenses.	100%	of	money	goes	to	wonderful	charities!																																			
millions	of	dollars	to	DJT	Foundation	raised	or	recieved	millions	more	ALL	of	which	is	given	to	charity	and	media	won't	report!																																
was	gloomy	before	I	won	-	there	was	no	hope.	Now	the	market	is	up	nearly	10%	and	Christmas	spending	is	over	a	trillion	dollars!																													
Nations	has	such	great	potential	but	right	now	it	is	just	a	club	for	people	to	get	together	talk	and	have	a	good	time.	So	sad!																												
said	that	he	thinks	he	would	have	won	against	me.	He	should	say	that	but	I	say	NO	WAY!	-	jobs	leaving	ISIS	OCare	etc.																													
and	a	very	very	very		very	Happy	New	Year	to	everyone!																																										
																																																					
Objectified	tonight	at	10:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																																
https://t.co/UvZwtykV1E																																																					
loss	yesterday	for	Israel	in	the	United	Nations	will	make	it	much	harder	to	negotiate	peace.Too	bad	but	we	will	get	it	done	anyway!																														
left	out	this	part	of	my	nuclear	qoute:	until,such,time,as,the,world,comes,to,its,senses,regarding,nukes.		Dishonest!																																											
said	today	about	Hillary	and	Dems:	In,my,opinion,it,is,humiliating.,One,must,be,able,to,lose,with,dignity.		So	true!																																												
This	is	a	purely	religious	threat	which	turned	into	reality.	Such	hatred!	When	will	the	U.S.	and	all	countries	fight	back?																																	
who	killed	so	many	people	in	Germany	said	just	before	crime	"by,God's,will,we,will,slaughter,you,pigs,I,swear,we,will......
As,to,the,U.N.,things,will,be,different,after,Jan.,20th.
my,presidency.,Isn't,this,a,ridiculous,shame?,He,loves,these,kids,has,raised,millions,of,dollars,for,them,and,now,must,stop.,Wrong,answer!
My,wonderful,son,Eric,will,no,longer,be,allowed,to,raise,money,for,children,with,cancer,because,of,a,possible,conflict,of,interest,with...
The,so-called,A"""	list	celebrities	are	all	wanting	tixs	to	the	inauguration	but	look	what	they	did	for	Hillary	NOTHING.	I	want	the	PEOPLE!																					
the	tremendous	cost	and	cost	overruns	of	the	Lockheed	Martin	F-35	I	have	asked	Boeing	to	price-out	a	comparable	F-18	Super	Hornet!																																
States	must	greatly	strengthen	and	expand	its	nuclear	capability	until	such	time	as	the	world	comes	to	its	senses	regarding	nukes																																	
stated	that	the	phrase	DRAIN,THE,SWAMP	was	no	longer	being	used	by	me.	Actually	we	will	always	be	trying	to	DTS.																																		
being	considered	at	the	United	Nations	Security	Council	regarding	Israel	should	be	vetoed....cont:	https://t.co/s8rXKKZNF1																																								
some	really	great	Air	Force	GENERALS	and	Navy	ADMIRALS	today	talking	about	airplane	capability	and	pricing.	Very	impressive	people!																																			
not	heard	any	of	the	pundits	or	commentators	discussing	the	fact	that	I	spent	FAR	LESS	MONEY	on	the	win	than	Hillary	on	the	loss!																													
have	done	even	better	in	the	election	if	that	is	possible	if	the	winner	was	based	on	popular	vote	-	but	would	campaign	differently																														
win	the	Electoral	College	is	much	more	difficult	&amp;	sophisticated	than	the	popular	vote.	Hillary	focused	on	the	wrong	states!																																		
is	TRUE	-	Carlos	Slim	the	great	businessman	from	Mexico	called	me	about	getting	together	for	a	meeting.	We	met	HE	IS	A	GREAT	GUY!																													
to	get	people	even	with	an	unlimited	budget	out	to	vote	in	the	vital	swing	states	(	and	more).	They	focused	on	wrong	states																														
stated	that	I	called	him	after	the	election.	Wrong	he	called	me	(with	a	very	nice	congratulations).	He	doesn't,know,much	...																																		
it!	Thank	you	to	all	of	my	great	supporters	we	just	officially	won	the	election	(despite	all	of	the	distorted	and	inaccurate	media).																															
were	terror	attacks	in	Turkey	Switzerland	and	Germany	-	and	it	is	only	getting	worse.	The	civilized	world	must	change	thinking!																																	
many	supporters	acted	and	threatened	people	like	those	who	lost	the	election	are	doing	they	would	be	scorned	&amp;	called	terrible	names!																																
tell	China	that	we	don't	want	the	drone	they	stole	back.-	let	them	keep	it!																																							
Alabama!	From	now	on	it’s	going	to	be	#AmericaFirst.	Our	goal	is	to	bring	back	that	wonderful	phrase:…	https://t.co/4UAazd7TmF																																			
United	States	Navy	research	drone	in	international	waters	-	rips	it	out	of	water	and	takes	it	to	China	in	unprecedented	act.																																
today	at	3:00	P.M.	Last	rally	of	the	year	-	THANK,YOU,ALABAMA,AND,THE,SOUTH	Biggest	of	all	crowds	expected	see	you	there!																																			
in	Orlando	Florida	was	incredible	-	massive	crowd	-	THANK	YOU	FLORIDA!	Today	at	3:00	P.M.	I	will	be	in	Alabama	for	last	rally!																														
Florida.	My	Administration	will	follow	two	simple	rules:	BUY	AMERICAN	and	HIRE	AMERICAN!	#ICYMI-	Watch:…	https://t.co/3vgtzSJsFu																																						
Orlando	Florida	Tickets:	https://t.co/JwQeccp79NTomorrow-	Mobile	AlabamaTickets:…	https://t.co/Cq5AwcuzT9																																															
all	did	it	together!	I	hope	the	MOVEMENT	fans	will	go	to	D.C.	on	Jan	20th	for	the	swearing	in.	Let's	set	the	all	time	record!																												
talking	about	the	same	cyberattack	where	it	was	revealed	that	head	of	the	DNC	illegally	gave	Hillary	the	questions	to	the	debate?																																
Pennsylvania!	Together	we	are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	Watch	here:	https://t.co/7R382qWfWS…	https://t.co/yB6u5FEfHq																																								
in	Mobile	Alabama	on	Sat.	at	3pm!	#ThankYouTour2016	Tickets:	https://t.co/GGgbjl8Zo6	https://t.co/opKrWO4k0C																																											
or	some	other	entity	was	hacking	why	did	the	White	House	wait	so	long	to	act?	Why	did	they	only	complain	after	Hillary	lost?																														
tries	so	hard	to	make	my	move	to	the	White	House	as	it	pertains	to	my	business	so	complex	-	when	actually	it	isn't!																														
to	Time	Magazine	and	Financial	Times	for	naming	me	Person,of,the,Year	-	a	great	honor!																																								
looked	at	the	really	poor	numbers	of	@VanityFair	Magazine.	Way	down	big	trouble	dead!	Graydon	Carter	no	talent	will	be	out!																																	
@JimBrownNFL32	in	my	Trump	Tower	office	yesterday-	two	great	guys!	https://t.co/4PjSOEU5y9																																											
Wisconsin!	My	Administration	will	be	focused	on	three	very	important	words:	jobs	jobs	jobs!	Watch:…	https://t.co/iEGWZLuiFE																																						
this	Saturday	at	Ladd–Peebles	Stadium	in	Mobile	Alabama!	#ThankYouTour2016	Tickets:…	https://t.co/1RFmKCMgyw																																											
I	like	best	about	Rex	Tillerson	is	that	he	has	vast	experience	at	dealing	successfully	with	all	types	of	foreign	governments.																																	
Pennsylvania	have	just	certified	my	wins	in	those	states.	I	actually	picked	up	additional	votes!																																							
chosen	one	of	the	truly	great	business	leaders	of	the	world	Rex	Tillerson	Chairman	and	CEO	of	ExxonMobil	to	be	Secretary	of	State.																															
hold	a	press	conference	in	the	near	future	to	discuss	the	business	Cabinet	picks	and	all	other	topics	of	interest.	Busy	times!																																
of	my	children	Don	and	Eric	plus	executives	will	manage	them.	No	new	deals	will	be	done	during	my	term(s)	in	office.																																
I	am	not	mandated	by	law	to	do	so	I	will	be	leaving	my	busineses	before	January	20th	so	that	I	can	focus	full	time	on	the......																											
be	making	my	announcement	on	the	next	Secretary	of	State	tomorrow	morning.																																										
Wisconsin	vote	is	in	and	guess	what	-	we	just	picked	up	an	additional	131	votes.	The	Dems	and	Green	Party	can	now	rest.	Scam!																													
West	Allis	WI.	Thur:	Hershey	PA.	Fri:	Orlando	FL.	Sat:	Mobile	AL.	Tickets:…	https://t.co/OJ8S7iVzFx																																								
program	and	cost	is	out	of	control.	Billions	of	dollars	can	and	will	be	saved	on	military	(and	other)	purchases	after	January	20th.																															
catch	hackers	in	the	act	it	is	very	hard	to	determine	who	was	doing	the	hacking.	Why	wasn't	this	brought	up	before	election?																															
imagine	if	the	election	results	were	the	opposite	and	WE	tried	to	play	the	Russia/CIA	card.	It	would	be	called	conspiracy	theory!																																
@NBCNightlyNews	-	So	biased	inaccurate	and	bad	point	after	point.	Just	can't	get	much	worse	although	@CNN	is	right	up	there!																																	
interviewed	on	@FoxNews	at	10:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																															
choose	him	or	not	for	State-	Rex	Tillerson	the	Chairman	&amp;	CEO	of	ExxonMobil	is	a	world	class	player	and	dealmaker.	Stay	tuned!																															
Friday	campaigning	with	John	Kennedy	of	the	Great	State	of	Louisiana	for	the	U.S.Senate.	The	election	is	over	-	JOHN	WON!																																	
the	Army	-	Navy	Game	was	fantastic.	There	is	nothing	like	the	spirit	in	that	stadium.	A	wonderful	experience	and	congrats	to	Army!																															
be	interviewed	today	on	Fox	News	Sunday	with	Chris	Wallace	at	10:00	(Eastern)	Network.	ENJOY!																																							
-	thanks	Chris	Wallace	@FoxNewsSunday!	https://t.co/VEsgPcWq7z																																																
interesting	read.	Unfortunately	so	much	is	true.https://t.co/ER2BoM765M																																															
@CNN	that	I	will	be	working	on	The	Apprentice	during	my	Presidency	even	part	time	are	ridiculous	&amp;	untrue	-	FAKE	NEWS!																																
show	of	support	for	our	Armed	Forces	I	will	be	going	to	The	Army-Navy	Game	today.	Looking	forward	to	it	should	be	fun!																															
NOTHING	to	do	with	The	Apprentice	except	for	fact	that	I	conceived	it	with	Mark	B	&amp;	have	a	big	stake	in	it.	Will	devote	ZERO	TIME!																											
of	the	finest	people	I	know	and	a	former	GREAT	Mayor	of	N.Y.C.	just	took	himself	out	of	consideration	for	State.																																	
Michigan.	We	are	going	to	bring	back	your	jobs	&amp;	together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!Watch:…	https://t.co/EyLOo26FqW																																				
Louisiana!	Get	out	&amp;	vote	for	John	Kennedy	tomorrow.	Electing	Kennedy	will	help	enact	our	agenda	on	behal…	https://t.co/sHXeyreEZI																																			
live	in	Louisiana!	Tomorrow	we	need	you	to	go	to	the	polls	&amp;	send	John	Kennedy	to	the	U.S.	Senate.	https://t.co/O0jtz0BKeL																																	
IOWA!#ThankYouTour2016	https://t.co/v6EB2OQMeO																																																				
tomorrow!	#MAGA	10am-	Baton	Rouge	LA.	Tickets:	https://t.co/rvIQ6Yq45P7pm-	Grand	Rapids	MI.Tickets:	https://t.co/2UTwAg5V87																																										
way	to	Des	Moines	Iowa-	will	see	you	soon	with	@mike_pence.	Join	us!	Tickets:	https://t.co/1IuRTVwMSx	#ThankYouTour2016																																						
lost	a	great	pioneer	of	air	and	space	in	John	Glenn.	He	was	a	hero	and	inspired	generations	of	future	explorers.	He	will	be	missed.																													
Steelworkers	1999	was	any	good	they	would	have	kept	those	jobs	in	Indiana.	Spend	more	time	working-less	time	talking.	Reduce	dues																																	
who	is	President	of	United	Steelworkers	1999	has	done	a	terrible	job	representing	workers.	No	wonder	companies	flee	country!																																			
tomorrow	in	Des	Moines	Iowa	with	Vice	President-Elect	@mike_pence	-	at	7:00pm!#ThankYouTour2016	#MAGA…	https://t.co/Geq6sT70IT																																								
today	to	remember	the	2403	American	heroes	who	selflessly	gave	their	lives	at	Pearl	Harbor	75	years	ago...https://t.co/r5eRLR24Q3																																				
be	interviewed	on	the	@TODAYshow	at	7:30	Enjoy!																																														
night	in	Fayetteville	North	Carolina.	Thank	you!	#ICYMI	watch	here:	https://t.co/ZAuTgxKPpb	https://t.co/EF9xRWmciA																																										
York	with	General	James	'Mad	Dog'	Mattis	for	tonight's	rally	in	Fayetteville	North	Carolina!	See	you…	https://t.co/Z8sgJBWI09																																					
he	would	never	do	this	had	we	(Trump)	not	won	the	election!																																										
of	Japan	has	agreed	to	invest	$50 	billion	in	the	U.S.	toward	businesses	and	50000	new	jobs....																																					
tonight	in	Fayetteville	North	Carolina	at	7pm!	#ThankYouTour2016	Tickets:	https://t.co/79AHq3NC0v	https://t.co/KoZCE7JeG7																																											
building	a	brand	new	747	Air	Force	One	for	future	presidents	but	costs	are	out	of	control	more	than	$4 	billion.	Cancel	order!																															
North	Carolinahttps://t.co/79AHq3NC0v12/8-	Iowahttps://t.co/1IuRTVwMSx12/9-	Michiga…	https://t.co/vcQaIJ8qoB																																																	
press	would	cover	me	accurately	&amp;	honorably	I	would	have	far	less	reason	to	tweet.	Sadly	I	don't	know	if	that	will	ever	happen!																														
thrilled	to	nominate	Dr.	@RealBenCarson	as	our	next	Secretary	of	the	US	Dept.	of	Housing	and	Urban	Development…	https://t.co/OJKuDFhP3r																																			
(the	U.S.	doesn't	tax	them)	or	to	build	a	massive	military	complex	in	the	middle	of	the	South	China	Sea?		I	don't	think	so!																													
ask	us	if	it	was	OK	to	devalue	their	currency	(making	it	hard	for	our	companies	to	compete)	heavily	tax	our	products	going	into..																														
be	re-running	Objectified:,Donald,Trump	the	ratings	hit	produced	by	the	great	Harvey	Levin	of	TMZ	at	8:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																				
Party	just	dropped	its	recount	suit	in	Pennsylvania	and	is	losing	votes	in	Wisconsin	recount.	Just	a	Stein	scam	to	raise	money!																																
THE	UNITED	STATES	IS	OPEN	FOR	BUSINESS																																															
are	able	to	move	between	all	50	states	with	no	tax	or	tariff	being	charged.	Please	be	forewarned	prior	to	making	a	very	...																														
sell	their	product	cars	A.C.	units	etc.	back	across	the	border.	This	tax	will	make	leaving	financially	difficult	but.....																																			
or	consequence	is	WRONG!	There	will	be	a	tax	on	our	soon	to	be	strong	border	of	35%	for	these	companies	......																																
employees	builds	a	new	factory	or	plant	in	the	other	country	and	then	thinks	it	will	sell	its	product	back	into	the	U.S.		......																													
is	going	to	substantialy	reduce	taxes	and	regulations	on	businesses	but	any	business	that	leaves	our	country	for	another	country																																		
watching	Saturday	Night	Live	-	unwatchable!	Totally	biased	not	funny	and	the	Baldwin	impersonation	just	can't	get	any	worse.	Sad																																		
VPE	@mike_pence	is	in	Louisiana	campaigning	for	John	Kennedy	for	US	Senate.	John	will	be	a	tremendous	help	to	us	in	Washington.																																
John	Kennedy	is	my	choice	for	US	Senator	from	Louisiana.	Early	voting	today;	election	next	Saturday.																																						
Indiana	is	moving	to	Mexico	and	rather	viciously	firing	all	of	its	300	workers.	This	is	happening	all	over	our	country.	No	more!																															
the	U.S.	sells	Taiwan	billions	of	dollars	of	military	equipment	but	I	should	not	accept	a	congratulatory	call.																																				
of	Taiwan	CALLED	ME	today	to	wish	me	congratulations	on	winning	the	Presidency.	Thank	you!																																							
Ohio!	Together	we	made	history	–	and	now	the	real	work	begins.	America	will	start	winning	again!…	https://t.co/sVNSNJE7Uf																																				
U.S.	Bank	Arena	in	Cincinnati	Ohio	for	a	7pm	rally.	Join	me!	Tickets:	https://t.co/HiWqZvHv6M																																								
to	leave	for	the	Great	State	of	Indiana	and	meet	the	hard	working	and	wonderful	people	of	Carrier	A.C.																																			
and	prayers	are	with	those	affected	by	the	tragic	storms	and	tornadoes	in	the	Southeastern	United	States.	Stay	safe!																																			
to	going	to	Indiana	tomorrow	in	order	to	be	with	the	great	workers	of	Carrier.	They	will	sell	many	air	conditioners!																																	
is	already	helping	the	working	class'	https://t.co/GTuNcQhLYx																																															
J.	Trump	today	announced	his	intent	to	nominate	Steven	Mnuchin	Wilbur	Ross	&amp;	Todd	Ricketts…	https://t.co/cEBxoWsnYp																																						
in	Cincinnati	Ohio	tomorrow	evening	at	7:00pm.	I	am	grateful	for	all	of	your	support.	THANK	YOU!Tickets:…	https://t.co/51Emq7Tffa																																				
documents	are	being	crafted	which	take	me	completely	out	of	business	operations.	The	Presidency	is	a	far	more	important	task!																																		
under	the	law	I	feel	it	is	visually	important	as	President		to	in	no	way	have	a	conflict	of	interest	with	my	various	businesses..																													
in	total	in	order	to	fully	focus	on	running	the	country	in	order	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	While	I	am	not	mandated	to	....																													
be	holding	a	major	news	conference	in	New	York	City	with	my	children	on	December	15	to	discuss	the	fact	that	I	will	be	leaving	my	...																											
taking	credit	for	the	terrible	stabbing	attack	at	Ohio	State	University	by	a	Somali	refugee	who	should	not	have	been	in	our	country.																															
on	Thursday	for	Indiana	and	the	great	workers	of	that	wonderful	state.We	will	keep	our	companies	and	jobs	in	the	U.S.	Thanks	Carrier																															
be	going	to	Indiana	on	Thursday	to	make	a	major	announcement	concerning	Carrier	A.C.	staying	in	Indianapolis.	Great	deal	for	workers!																																	
J.	Trump	Nominates	Elaine	Chao	as	Secretary	of	the	Department	of	Transportation'https://t.co/5FMGdhAZxB																																										
J.	Trump	Intends	to	Nominate	Congressman	Tom	Price	and	Seema	Verma.'https://t.co/ZTh5cuY26Z	https://t.co/twIgAKJs3s																																										
and	prayers	are	with	the	great	people	of	Tennessee	during	these	terrible	wildfires.	Stay	safe!																																							
be	allowed	to	burn	the	American	flag	-	if	they	do	there	must	be	consequences	-	perhaps	loss	of	citizenship	or	year	in	jail!																														
that	@CNN	would	get	better	after	they	failed	so	badly	in	their	support	of	Hillary	Clinton	however	since	election	they	are	worse!																																
State	of	Michigan	was	just	certified	as	a	Trump	WIN	giving	all	of	our	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	supporters	another	victory	-	306!																															
so	embarrassed	by	their	total		-100%	support	of	Hillary	Clinton	and	yet	her	loss	in	a	landslide	that	they	don't	know	what	to	do.																													
with	General	Petraeus--was	very	impressed!																																																	
is	unwilling	to	make	a	better	deal	for	the	Cuban	people	the	Cuban/American	people	and	the	U.S.	as	a	whole	I	will	terminate	deal.																														
fraud	in	Virginia	New	Hampshire	and	California	-	so	why	isn't	the	media	reporting	on	this?	Serious	bias	-	big	problem!																																	
of	the	15	states	that	I	visited.	I	would	have	won	even	more	easily	and	convincingly	(but	smaller	states	are	forgotten)!																																	
have	been	much	easier	for	me	to	win	the	so-called	popular	vote	than	the	Electoral	College	in	that	I	would	only	campaign	in	3	or	4--																												
to	winning	the	Electoral	College	in	a	landslide	I	won	the	popular	vote	if	you	deduct	the	millions	of	people	who	voted	illegally																															
going	to	be	our	President.	We	owe	him	an	open	mind	and	the	chance	to	lead."	So	much	time	and	money	will	be	spent	-	same	result!	Sad																										
That	is	a	direct	threat	to	our	democracy."	She	then	said	"We,have,to,accept,the,results,and,look,to,the,future,Donald,--
of,position."	Then	separately	she	stated	"He,said,something,truly,horrifying,...,he,refused,to,say,that,he,would,respect,the,results,of,--
during,a,general,election.,I,for,one,am,appalled,that,somebody,that,is,the,nominee,of,one,of,our,two,major,parties,would,take,that,kind,--
and,fair,elections.,We've,accepted,the,outcomes,when,we,may,not,have,liked,them,and,that,is,what,must,be,expected,of,anyone,standing,on,a,-
Hillary's,debate,answer,on,delay:,That"	is	horrifying.	That	is	not	the	way	our	democracy	works.	Been	around	for	240	years.	We've	had	free	--																		
conceded	the	election	when	she	called	me	just	prior	to	the	victory	speech	and	after	the	results	were	in.	Nothing	will	change																																
when	they	incorrectly	thought	they	were	going	to	win	asked	that	the	election	night	tabulation	be	accepted.	Not	so	anymore!																																		
Party	scam	to	fill	up	their	coffers	by	asking	for	impossible	recounts	is	now	being	joined	by	the	badly	defeated	&amp;	demoralized	Dems																															
is	dead!																																																				
working	hard	even	on	Thanksgiving	trying	to	get	Carrier	A.C.	Company	to	stay	in	the	U.S.	(Indiana).	MAKING	PROGRESS	-	Will	know	soon!																															
to	everyone.	We	will	together	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																													
give	thanks	for	all	that	we	have	and	let	us	boldly	face	the	exciting	new	frontiers	that	lie	ahead.	Happy	Th…	https://t.co/RY9mGGjrXm																																
in	Tennessee	so	sad	&amp;	so	terrible.	Condolences	to	all	family	members	and	loved	ones.	These	beautiful	children	will	be	remembered!																																	
seriously	considering	Dr.	Ben	Carson	as	the	head	of	HUD.	I've	gotten	to	know	him	well--he's	a	greatly	talented	person	who	loves	people!																															
with	the	@nytimes	is	back	on	at	12:30	today.	Look	forward	to	it!																																									
a	Fitting	Selection	for	Attorney	General'https://t.co/LjKTkAZSFy																																																
J.	Trump's	CIA	Director	Garners	Praise'https://t.co/UFdLWtwBEQ	https://t.co/MrPaG7OziQ																																															
will	take	place	today	at	Trump	Tower	concerning	the	formation	of	the	people	who	will	run	our	government	for	the	next	8	years.																															
@nytimes	just	announced	that	complaints	about	them	are	at	a	15	year	high.	I	can	fully	understand	that	-	but	why	announce?																																
new	meeting	will	be	set	up	with	the	@nytimes.	In	the	meantime	they	continue	to	cover	me	inaccurately	and	with	a	nasty	tone!																															
today's	meeting	with	the	failing	@nytimes	when	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	meeting	were	changed	at	the	last	moment.	Not	nice																																
would	like	to	see	@Nigel_Farage	represent	Great	Britain	as	their	Ambassador	to	the	United	States.	He	would	do	a	great	job!																																	
the	election	it	was	well	known	that	I	have	interests	in	properties	all	over	the	world.Only	the	crooked	media	makes	this	a	big	deal!																														
and	policy	plans	for	the	first	100	days.	https://t.co/HTgPXfPWeJ																																													
always	had	a	good	relationship	with	Chuck	Schumer.	He	is	far	smarter	than	Harry	R	and	has	the	ability	to	get	things	done.	Good	news!																													
Mad,Dog	Mattis	who	is	being	considered	for	Secretary	of	Defense	was	very	impressive	yesterday.	A	TRUE	General's	General!																																				
parts	of	@nbcsnl	Saturday	Night	Live	last	night.	It	is	a	totally	one-sided	biased	show	-	nothing	funny	at	all.	Equal	time	for	us?																														
will	be	coming	to	Bedminster	today	as	I	continue	to	fill	out	the	various	positions	necessary	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																	
and	producers	of	Hamilton	which	I	hear	is	highly	overrated	should	immediately	apologize	to	Mike	Pence	for	their	terrible	behavior																																		
must	always	be	a	safe	and	special	place.The	cast	of	Hamilton	was	very	rude	last	night	to	a	very	good	man	Mike	Pence.	Apologize!																														
future	V.P.	Mike	Pence	was	harassed	last	night	at	the	theater	by	the	cast	of	Hamilton	cameras	blazing.This	should	not	happen!																																	
bad	thing	about	winning	the	Presidency	is	that	I	did	not	have	the	time	to	go	through	a	long	but	winning	trial	on	Trump	U.	Too	bad!																											
the	Trump	University	lawsuit	for	a	small	fraction	of	the	potential	award	because	as	President	I	have	to	focus	on	our	country.																																
working	all	weekend	in	choosing	the	great	men	and	women	who	will	be	helping	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																			
hard	with	Bill	Ford	to	keep	the	Lincoln	plant	in	Kentucky.	I	owed	it	to	the	great	State	of	Kentucky	for	their	confidence	in	me!																													
a	call	from	my	friend	Bill	Ford	Chairman	of	Ford	who	advised	me	that	he	will	be	keeping	the	Lincoln	plant	in	Kentucky	-	no	Mexico																												
team	which	is	working	long	hours	and	doing	a	fantastic	job	will	be	seeing	many	great	candidates	today.	#MAGA																																			
Zealand	and	more.	I	am	always	available	to	them.	@nytimes	is	just	upset	that	they	looked	like	fools	in	their	coverage	of	me.																															
recieved	and	taken	calls	from	many	foreign	leaders	despite	what	the	failing	@nytimes	said.	Russia	U.K.	China	Saudi	Arabia	Japan																																		
@nytimes	story	is	so	totally	wrong	on	transition.	It	is	going	so	smoothly.	Also	I	have	spoken	to	many	foreign	leaders.																																	
not	trying	to	get	top,level,security,clearance	for	my	children.	This	was	a	typically	FALSE	news	story.																																							
process	taking	place	as	I	decide	on	Cabinet	and	many	other	positions.	I	am	the	only	one	who	knows	who	the	finalists	are!																															
College	is	actually	genius	in	that	it	brings	all	states	including	the	smaller	ones	into	play.	Campaigning	is	much	different!																																		
election	were	based	on	total	popular	vote	I	would	have	campaigned	in		N.Y.	Florida	and	California	and	won	even	bigger	and	more	easily																														
especially	the	second	and	third	plus	speeches	and	intensity	of	the	large	rallies	plus	OUR	GREAT	SUPPORTERS	gave	us	the	win!																																	
be	interviewed	on	@60Minutes	tonight	after	the	NFL	game	-	7:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																									
states	today	that	DJT	believes	more,countries,should,acquire,nuclear,weapons.	How	dishonest	are	they.	I	never	said	this!																																								
Kasich	of	the	GREAT	GREAT	GREAT	State	of	Ohio	called	to	congratulate	me	on	the	win.	The	people	of	Ohio	were	incredible!																																
George	W	and	George	H.W.	all	called	to	express	their	best	wishes	on	the	win.	Very	nice!																																					
called	to	congratulate	me	on	the	win.	Very	nice!																																													
sent	a	letter	to	their	subscribers	apologizing	for	their	BAD	coverage	of	me.	I	wonder	if	it	will	change	-	doubt	it?																																
@nytimes	is	losing	thousands	of	subscribers	because	of	their	very	poor	and	highly	inaccurate	coverage	of	the	Trump,phenomena																																				
prove	to	be	a	great	time	in	the	lives	of	ALL	Americans.	We	will	unite	and	we	will	win	win	win!																																	
express	our	deepest	gratitude	to	all	those	who	have	served	in	our	armed	forces.	#ThankAVet	https://t.co/wPk7QWpK8Z																																						
planned	in	New	York.	Will	soon	be	making	some	very	important	decisions	on	the	people	who	will	be	running	our	government!																																	
fact	that	the	small	groups	of	protesters	last	night	have	passion	for	our	great	country.	We	will	all	come	together	and	be	proud!																															
a	very	open	and	successful	presidential	election.	Now	professional	protesters	incited	by	the	media	are	protesting.	Very	unfair!																																				
day	in	D.C.	Met	with	President	Obama	for	first	time.	Really	good	meeting	great	chemistry.	Melania	liked	Mrs.	O	a	lot!																																	
birthday	to	the	U.S.	Marine	Corps!	Thank	you	for	your	service!!	https://t.co/Lz2dhrXzo4																																										
beautiful	and	important	evening!	The	forgotten	man	and	woman	will	never	be	forgotten	again.	We	will	all	come	together	as	never	before																																
returns	at	9:45pm.	#ElectionNight	#MAGA🇺🇸	https://t.co/HfuJeRZbod																																																
to	#VoteTrump!	#iVoted	#ElectionNight	https://t.co/UZtYAY1Ba6																																																	
up	keep	getting	out	to	vote	-	this	election	is	FAR	FROM	OVER!	We	are	doing	well	but	there	is	much	time	left.	GO	FLORIDA!																													
according	to	@CNN:	Utah,officials,report,voting,machine,problems,across,entire,country																																																		
be	watching	the	election	results	from	Trump	Tower	in	Manhattan	with	my	family	and	friends.	Very	exciting!																																					
https://t.co/FZhOncih21																																																					
your	vote.	Go	to	the	POLLS!	Let's	continue	this	MOVEMENT!	Find	your	poll	location:	https://t.co/VMUdvi1tx1…	https://t.co/zGOx74Ebhw																																						
Go	to	https://t.co/MXrAxYnTjY	to	find	your	polling	location.	We	are	going	to	Make	America	Great	Again!…	https://t.co/KPQ5EY9VwQ																																					
MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																																		
are	going	to	win	the	great	state	of	MICHIGAN	and	we	are	going	to	WIN	back	the	White	House!	Thank	you	MI!…	https://t.co/onRpEvzHrW																															
in	New	Hampshire	-	THANK	YOU!	Flying	to	Grand	Rapids	Michigan	now.	Watch	NH	rally	here:…	https://t.co/hP88anrfgk																																					
to	share	in	New	Hampshire	tonight!	Polls	looking	great!	See	you	soon.																																										
Florida	I	pledged	to	stand	with	the	people	of	Cuba	and	Venezuela	in	their	fight	against	oppression-	cont:	https://t.co/8eELqk2wUw																																			
Pennsylvania!	Going	to	New	Hampshire	now	and	on	to	Michigan.	Watch	PA	rally	here:	https://t.co/d29DLINGst…	https://t.co/zcH9crFIKM																																						
#Periscope:	Join	me	for	a	few	minutes	in	Pennsylvania.	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE	tomorrow.	LETS	#MAGA!!	https://t.co/Ej0LmMK3YU																																					
let's	defeat	Crooked	Hillary	&amp;	@koster4missouri!	Koster	supports	Obamacare	&amp;	amnesty!	Vote	outsider	Navy	SEAL	@EricGreitens!																																						
decide	between	failed	policies	or	fresh	perspective	a	corrupt	system	or	an	outsider'https://t.co/ll8QIW9SqW																																									
Like	About	Trump	...	and	Why	You	Need	to	Vote	for	Him'https://t.co/6rVuDUehZq																																										
https://t.co/RpwIYB7aOV																																																					
you	North	Carolina-	thank	you	for	your	amazing	support!	Get	out	and	https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ	tomorrow!Watch:…	https://t.co/jZzfqUZNYh																																							
way!	https://t.co/6L2ILD6r8h																																																				
in	North	Carolina-	heading	to	the	J.S.	Dorton	Arena.	See	you	all	soon!	Lets	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/EUo0keWX1Y																																						
it's	going	to	be	#AmericaFirst!	Thank	you	for	a	great	morning	Sarasota	Florida!Watch	here:…	https://t.co/ig62Kjkkvl																																							
for	you	support	Virginia!	In	ONE	DAY	-	get	out	and	#VoteTrumpPence16!	#ICYMI:	https://t.co/Nid8qcFTwY	https://t.co/WOsEcjM8sm																																							
Pennsylvania-	I	am	forever	grateful	for	your	amazing	support.	Lets	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#MAGA…	https://t.co/qbcJZAzw6z																																						
Michigan!	This	is	a	MOVEMENT	that	will	never	be	seen	again-	it's	our	last	chance	to	#DrainTheSwamp!	Watch…	https://t.co/cSdGkCFYRL																																			
comeback	story	begins	11/8/16.	Together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	again	for	everyone!	Watch:…	https://t.co/ek8Cn3CgTr																																					
Minnesota!	It	is	time	to	#DrainTheSwamp	&amp;	#MAGA!	#ICYMI-	watch:	https://t.co/fVThC7yIL6	https://t.co/e8SaXiJrxj																																										
11/7/2016Scranton	Pennsylvania	at	5:30pm.https://t.co/BcErCtsPdFGrand	Rapids	Michigan	at	11pm.…	https://t.co/pgFMLp0173																																													
Iowa	-	Get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrumpPence16!	https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ	https://t.co/QsukELQmKb																																														
‘There	Is	A	Crack	in	the	Blue	Wall’	—	It	Has	to	Do	With	Trade:	https://t.co/BvEF9cC7o7																																						
in	Denver	Colorado-	thank	you!	Together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#ICYMI	watch	rally	here:…	https://t.co/LbvNHo6T2k																																					
Reno	Nevada.	NOTHING	will	stop	us	in	our	quest	to	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#AmericaFirst…	https://t.co/A4eeHoCbGS																																				
live	in	Reno	Nevada!https://t.co/T4bf1hrxaA	https://t.co/EPqRXHa1CM																																																	
TOMORROW!MINNESOTA	•	2pmhttps://t.co/WcgLh4prS7MICHIGAN	•	6pmhttps://t.co/9BqGVKNNrtVIRGINIA	•	9:30p…	https://t.co/A1oVhCrT6t																																														
																																																					
Aides	Bemoan	Campaign	‘All	Tactics’	No	Vision:	https://t.co/mHYvQtIq78																																														
Immediately’:	Clinton	Charity	Lawyer	Told	Execs	They	Were	Breaking	The	Lawhttps://t.co/hsi4qhqTV1																																											
Mike	Ditka-	a	great	guy	and	supporter	tonight	at	8pmE	on	#WattersWorld	with	@jessebwatters	@FoxNews.																																							
Wilmington	North	Carolina.	We	are	3	days	away	from	the	CHANGE	you've	been	waiting	for	your	entire	life!…	https://t.co/6ZJZRBfLST																																			
for	the	incredible	support	this	morning	Tampa	Florida!	#ICYMI-	watch	here:	https://t.co/q43kHf7MoE	https://t.co/1GscFNaV4L																																									
in	Denver	Colorado	tonight	at	9:30pm:	https://t.co/LJYGIK7MriNEW-	Scranton	Pennsylvania	Monday	@	5:30pm:	https://t.co/BcErCtsPdF																																									
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
Hershey	Pennsylvania.	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE	on	November	8th	&amp;	we	will	#MAGA!	#RallyForRiley	#ICYMI	watch	here…	https://t.co/maWukVBTr8																																				
in	Denver	Colorado	tomorrow	at	9:30pm!Tickets:	https://t.co/LJYGIK7Mri																																															
live	in	Hershey	Pennsylvania!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	LIVE:	https://t.co/xEj6sZpb12	https://t.co/JWfGI1vlwW																																														
thing	that	can	stop	this	corrupt	machine	is	YOU.	The	only	force	strong	enough	to	save	our	country	is	US.…	https://t.co/7dcSHOkuzc																																	
Ohio!	VOTE	so	we	can	replace	Obamacare	and	save	healthcare	for	every	family	in	the	United	States!	Watch:…	https://t.co/7CH8ZnGdOa																																			
live	in	Wilmington	Ohio!https://t.co/nQ2p4EulLu																																																		
worked	as	hard	on	straightening	out	our	country	as	he	has	trying	to	protect	and	elect	Hillary	we	would	all	be	much	better	off!																														
WARN	HILLARY	IMMIGRATION	PLAN	WILL	UNLEASH	GANGS	CARTELS	&amp;	DRUG	VIOLENCE	NATIONWIDE'…	https://t.co/09aSrBwQrv																																									
NH!	We	will	end	illegal	immigration	stop	the	drugs	deport	all	criminal	aliens&amp;save	American	lives!	Watc…	https://t.co/uxcazVkb32																																					
‘Definitely’	Not	Releasing	Some	HRC	Emails:https://t.co/GY5pGKaDoW																																																
																																																					
today	in	Wilmington	Ohio	at	4pm:	https://t.co/eCLECMkYLwTomorrow-	Tampa	Florida	at	10am:	https://t.co/N9380pVmuM																																										
no	challenge	too	great	no	dream	outside	of	our	reach!	Thank	you	Selma	North	Carolina!#ICYMI	watch	here…	https://t.co/8uIrhgYRsl																																				
in	Wilmington	Ohio	tomorrow	at	4:00pm!	It	is	time	to	#DrainTheSwamp!	Tickets:	https://t.co/eCLECM3nmW	https://t.co/sb5irRxjxJ																																								
unfit	to	serve.	https://t.co/bSuGvInNF1																																																		
Concord	North	Carolina!	When	WE	win	on	November	8th	we	are	going	to	Washington	D.C.	and	we	are	going	t…	https://t.co/7j4MBn1Waf																																	
beautiful	wife	Melania	speak	about	our	love	of	country	and	family.	We	will	make	you	all	very	proud.…	https://t.co/DiKmSnTlC2																																			
Air	Force	One	@	MIA.	Why	is	he	campaigning	instead	of	creating	jobs	&amp;	fixing	Obamacare?	Get	back	to	work	for	the	American	people!																														
a	total	disaster.	Hillary	Clinton	wants	to	save	it	by	making	it	even	more	expensive.	Doesn't	work	I	will	REPEAL	AND	REPLACE!																																
Melania	will	be	speaking	in	Pennsylvania	this	afternoon.	So	exciting	big	crowds!	I	will	be	watching	from	North	Carolina.																																			
Arlene!	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#ImWithYou	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/tSI0YP2LL9																																										
https://t.co/eHTGIEpFsm																																																					
Orlando	Florida!	We	are	just	six	days	away	from	delivering	justice	for	every	forgotten	man	woman	and	ch…	https://t.co/LPXBQZ5AXt																																			
of	lies	and	scandal	Crooked	Hillary's	corruption	is	closing	in.	#DrainTheSwamp!	https://t.co/YivCacmkKq																																										
fumed	when	surrogate	told	supporters	Clinton	planned	to	betray	labor	on	TPP	post-election:	https://t.co/ZZjbGDZP7e																																								
https://t.co/KZXB4B156M																																																					
Miami!	In	6	days	we	are	going	to	WIN	the	GREAT	STATE	of	FLORIDA	-	and	we	are	going	to	win	back	the	White…	https://t.co/MKYPOp0MeD																													
the	families	of	the	two	Iowa	police	who	were	ambushed	this	morning.	An	attack	on	those	who	keep	us	safe	is	an	attack	on	us	all.																												
Clinton	deleted	33000	e-mails	AFTER	they	were	subpoenaed	by	the	United	States	Congress.	Guilty	-	cannot	run.	Rigged	system!																																			
going	to	repeal	and	replace	ObamaCare.	We	will	have	MUCH	less	expensive	and	MUCH	better	healthcare.	With	Hillary	costs	will	triple!																																	
change	your	vote	in	six	states.	So	now	that	you	see	that	Hillary	was	a	big	mistake	change	your	vote	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																													
in	Florida	tomorrow!MIAMI•12pmhttps://t.co/A3X71Q6sG2ORLANDO•4pmhttps://t.co/6BqTVoty5CPENSACOLA•7p…	https://t.co/kEQuuJeO1B																																																		
for	your	incredible	support	Wisconsin	and	Governor	@ScottWalker!	It	is	time	to	#DrainTheSwamp	&amp;	#MAGA!…	https://t.co/gKBkKmTudn																																						
reveal	Podesta	urging	Clinton	camp	to	'dump'	emails.	Time	to	#DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/P3ajiACiXK																																											
Clinton	team	to	hand	over	emails	after	use	of	private	server	emerged'	https://t.co/NYvVmoA8wl																																									
Dem	Criticism	of	Comey	Reinforcing	Idea	‘There’s	Something	There'https://t.co/EvBp0xESPN	https://t.co/QIDBiDpat8																																												
Wanted	Her	To	Avoid	Supporting	Israel	When	Talking	To	Democrats:	https://t.co/y7m8iVU173																																											
special	session	to	repeal	Obamacare:	https://t.co/wTCd108yrV																																																
out	of	jail':	Top	DOJ	official	involved	in	Clinton	probe	represented	her	campaign	chairman:	https://t.co/QUZn97CEOq																																							
a	very	good	man.	Help	him	win	his	congressional	seat	in	California.																																										
@mike_pence	and	I	were	in	Valley	Forge	Pennsylvania	today.	You	can	watch	it	here:…	https://t.co/6GWgmCV23Z																																							
that	Crooked	didn't	report	she	got	the	debate	questions	from	Donna	Brazile	if	that	were	me	it	would	have	been	front	page	news!																															
TOMORROW	IN	FLORIDA!MIAMI•12pmhttps://t.co/A3X71Q6sG2ORLANDO•4pmhttps://t.co/6BqTVoty5CPENSACOLA•7p…	https://t.co/kNzrAeuLZO																																																		
should	not	be	allowed	to	run	for	president.	She	deleted	33000	e-mails	AFTER	getting	a	subpoena	from	U.S.	Congress.	RIGGED!																																		
leading	in	@ABC	/@washingtonpost	Poll	46	to	45	Gone	up	12	points	in	two	weeks	mostly	before	the	Crooked	Hillary	blow-up!																																	
the	way	Crooked	Hillary	is	handling	the	e-mail	case	and	the	total	mess	she	is	in.	She	is	unfit	to	be	president.	Bad	judgement!																														
hear	you	Warren	Michigan.	Streaming	live	-	join	us	America.	It	is	time	to	DRAIN	THE	SWAMP!Watch:	https://t.co/pjXELwc5E1																																				
https://t.co/gaXOWVI0Xa																																																					
Grand	Rapids	Michigan!	#ICYMI-	watch:	https://t.co/2mDQCs6coB	https://t.co/gN7BYfLD9K																																															
raised	online	in	just	one	week!	RECORD	WEEK.	#DrainTheSwamp	Today	we	set	a	bigger	record.	Contribute	&gt;https://t.co/CZ1QmzCxwO																																					
coach	Bobby	Knight	who	has	900+	wins	many	championships	and	a	gold	medal	will	be	introducing…	https://t.co/aHltfG7U4I																																					
Official	Favors	To	Morocco	Resulted	In	$28 	Million	For	Clinton	Foundation'	#DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/6qOO7FZSvF																																										
tomorrow	in	Michigan!Grand	Rapids	at	12pm:https://t.co/xFPRNF7pnFWarren	at	3pm:https://t.co/DREwbH7ZVd	https://t.co/iyXwiP0rvd																																													
in	Albuquerque	New	Mexico	this	evening	-	thank	you.	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE!	#DrainTheSwampWatch	rally:…	https://t.co/K2RSgt2Zh5																																						
Greeley	CO!	REAL	change	means	restoring	honesty	to	the	govt.	Our	plan	will	END	govt.	corruption!	Watch:…	https://t.co/qz5AL7zvp4																																				
Las	Vegas	Nevada-	I	love	you!	Departing	for	Greeley	Colorado	now.	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE!	#ICYMI-	watch	here:…	https://t.co/uIloPRtEn9																																			
tomorrow	Michigan!Grand	Rapids	MI	tomorrow	at	noon:https://t.co/xFPRNEPNZ5Warren	MI	tomorrow	at	3pm:…	https://t.co/UHRTgS88B5																																										
Google	and	Facebook	are	burying	the	FBI	criminal	investigation	of	Clinton.	Very	dishonest	media!																																								
the	Dems	loved	and	praised	FBI	Director	Comey	just	a	few	days	ago.	Original	evidence	was	overwhelming	should	not	have	delayed!																																	
now	leading	in	many	polls	and	many	of	these	were	taken	before	the	criminal	investigation	announcement	on	Friday	-	great	in	states!																																
in	Colorado	&amp;	Arizona.	Will	be	in	Nevada	Colorado	and	New	Mexico	tomorrow	-	join	me!Tickets:…	https://t.co/vMPTsLXsCT																																					
Phoenix	Arizona!	Time	for	new	POWERFUL	leadership.	Just	imagine	what	WE	can	accomplish	in	our	first	100…	https://t.co/gqZLLxcenk																																				
-	great	Americans	outside	Trump	Tower	right	now.	Thank	you!	https://t.co/34ATTgICTz																																											
CO.	for	Arizona	now	-	after	an	unbelievable	rally.	Watch	here:	https://t.co/zNzmWuZPiVOverflow:	https://t.co/93L7JfdmXJ																																									
																																																					
NV-	11a:	https://t.co/KluudKImvnGreeley	CO-	4p:	https://t.co/JYimiIbqKBAlbuquerque	NM-	7p:	https://t.co/7SCol4vQlM																																													
in	Colorado	-	big	day	planned	-	but	nothing	can	be	as	big	as	yesterday!																																							
in	Colorado	at	12pm	tomorrow	-	or	Arizona	at	3pm!TICKETS:Golden:	https://t.co/Eix7SspO2ZPhoenix:…	https://t.co/pheYCksxq0																																										
Maine	New	Hampshire	and	Iowa.	The	waiting	is	OVER!	The	time	for	change	is	NOW!	We	are	going	to…	https://t.co/HVPjw6qeQ2																																		
in	Iowa	-	speaking	soon!																																																	
not	let	#CrookedHillary	take	her	CRIMINAL	SCHEME	into	the	Oval	Office.	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/GtPkj4xIz6																																									
Neera	Tanden	Hillary	Clinton	adviser	said	“Israel	is	depressing.”	I	think	Israel	is	inspiring!																																								
New	Hampshire.	Will	be	talking	about	the	disaster	known	as	ObamaCare!																																											
people	said	the	things	about	me	that	Podesta	&amp;	Hillary's	people	said	about	her	I	would	fire	them	out	of	self	respect.	Bad,instincts																															
tonight	in	Cedar	Rapids	Iowa	at	7pm:	https://t.co/QWaEJpR79nPhoenix	Arizona	tomorrow	night	at	3pm:	https://t.co/0LjE9qbNLh																																								
Geneva	Ohio.	If	I	am	elected	President	I	am	going	to	keep	RADICAL	ISLAMIC	TERRORISTS	OUT	of	our	countr…	https://t.co/a7t5QN2iqW																																		
on	Facebook	&amp;	watch	tonight's	rally	from	Geneva	Ohio-	our	3rd	rally	of	the	day.	#AmericaFirst	#MAGA	https://t.co/ZqJmf4QcwH																																				
launched	her	political	career	by	letting	terrorists	off	the	hook.	#DrainTheSwamp…	https://t.co/BLMkZQ8svK																																										
be	interviewed	on	@oreillyfactor	tonight	at	8:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																													
a	speech	in	Charlotte	North	Carolina	yesterday.	I	appreciate	all	of	the	feedback	&amp;	support.	Lets	#MAGA…	https://t.co/aI2HtiRUzr																																				
live	in	Toledo	Ohio.	Time	to	#DrainTheSwamp	&amp;	#MAGA!https://t.co/NU39Mmlh1T																																													
in	Cedar	Rapids	Iowa	tomorrow	at	7:00pm!	#MAGAhttps://t.co/QWaEJpzvKN	https://t.co/CniHGkjp0v																																													
agree-	To	all	Americans	I	see	you	&amp;	I	hear	you.	I	am	your	voice.	Vote	to	#DrainTheSwamp	with	me	on	11/8.…	https://t.co/P2edj2MoXy																															
Springfield	Ohio.	Get	out	and	#VoteTrumpPence16!#ICYMI	-	watch	here:	https://t.co/dEoXV6oS3b…	https://t.co/RNgCUUqO4X																																											
live	in	Springfield	Ohio!https://t.co/LREA7WRmOx																																																		
Clinton	Inc.’:	Hacked	memo	reveals	intersection	of	charity	and	personal	income.	#DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/UfDVzeSDfd																																										
#MAGATODAY:Springfield	OH	Toledo	OH	Geneva	OH	FRIDAY:Manchester	NH	Lisbon	ME	Cedar	Rapids	IAhttps://t.co/kv624y9UOm																																									
@MMFlint-	To	all	Americans	I	see	you	&amp;	I	hear	you.	I	am	your	voice.	Vote	to	#DrainTheSwamp	w/	me	on	11/8.	https://t.co/D7nBwkogBb																															
																																																					
"Clinton,Used,Secret,Server,To,Protect,#CircleOfEnrichment”https://t.co/4OGP3tPxyp
'WikiLeaks,Drip-Drop,Releases,Prove,One,Thing:,There's,No,Nov.,8,Deadline,on,Clinton's,Dishonesty,and,Scandals'https://t.co/MfRy3Nvd4F
A,lot,of,call-ins,about,vote,flipping,at,the,voting,booths,in,Texas.,People,are,not,happy.,BIG,lines.,What,is,going,on?
Obamacare,is,a,disaster.,We,must,REPEAL,&amp;,REPLACE.,Tired,of,the,lies,and,want,to,#DrainTheSwamp?,Get,out,&amp;,VOTE…,https://t.co/jOelj829Pg
Beautiful,evening,in,Kinston,North,Carolina,-,thank,you!,Get,out,and,VOTE!!,You,can,watch,tonight's,rally,here:…,https://t.co/x7wtERl55d
Thank,you,Charlotte,North,Carolina.,Great,afternoon!,#ICYMI,-,I,delivered,a,speech,on,urban,renewal.,Full,speech:…,https://t.co/ga6DQZrIR0
Hillary,said,she,was,under,sniper,fire,(while,surrounded,by,USSS.),Turned,out,to,be,a,total,lie.,She,is,not,fit,to…,https://t.co/hBIrGj21l6
JOIN,ME,IN,OHIO,TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm:https://t.co/YcbpSigtvaToledo-4pm:https://t.co/BOJH0l1CZzGeneva-7pm…,https://t.co/7qbIRel33u
REPEAL,AND,REPLACE,OBAMACARE!
Thank,you,Tallahassee,Florida!,A,beautiful,evening,with,the,MOVEMENT!,Get,out,&amp;,VOTE!#ICYMI-,watch,here:,https://t.co/GDKhwrCa9R
Thank,you,Sanford,Florida.,Get,out,&amp;,VOTE,#TrumpPence16!,#ICYMI-,watch,this,afternoons,rally,here:…,https://t.co/zVXrScClfd
REPEAL,AND,REPLACE!!!,#ObamaCareInThreeWords
I,have,met,&amp;,spent,a,lot,of,time,with,families,@,The,Remembrance,Project.,I,will,fight,for,them,everyday!…,https://t.co/Ot6vQGqVW0
Get,your,ballots,in,Colorado,-,I,will,see,you,soon,--,and,we,will,win!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain,https://t.co/oDLvZg7MLk
'Obama,Warned,Of,Rigged,Elections,In,2008.',Time,to,#DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/AkczH8l0FJ,https://t.co/7mIkwAHTuV
Obamacare,is,a,disaster.,Rates,going,through,the,sky,-,ready,to,explode.,I,will,fix,it.,Hillary,can't!#ObamacareFailed
Truly,honored,to,receive,the,first,ever,presidential,endorsement,from,the,Bay,of,Pigs,Veterans,Association.,#MAGA…,https://t.co/aRdlFkVjAx
Obamacare,is,a,disaster,-,as,I've,been,saying,from,the,beginning.,Time,to,repeal,&amp;,replace!,#ObamacareFail,https://t.co/5CvoMbVceT
#ObamacareFail,https://t.co/90Aixp25Oc
Obamacare,is,a,disaster!,Time,to,repeal,&amp;,replace!,#ObamacareFail,https://t.co/xDPhVczf1g
#ObamacareFail,https://t.co/5Zvsys8j5w
#ObamacareFail,https://t.co/Mb0YW1rg6g
Get,out,and,vote!,I,am,your,voice,and,I,will,fight,for,you!,We,will,make,America,great,again!,https://t.co/XXvLRlhSaz
Key,Obamacare,premiums,to,jump,25%,next,year:https://t.co/TCdHEdPQDG
#Obamacare,premiums,are,about,to,SKYROCKET,---,again.,Crooked,H,will,only,make,it,worse.,We,will,repeal,&amp;,replace!,https://t.co/fY1REYV4rK
As,election,looms,some,bad,news,for,Clinton,Democrats:https://t.co/7aWWVQPjTo
Record,crowd,in,Tampa,Florida-,thank,you!,We,will,WIN,FLORIDA,#DrainTheSwamp,in,Washington,D.C.,and,MAKE,AMERICA…,https://t.co/IpSUYnXcp6
Thank,you,Bobby,Bowden,for,the,intro,tonight,and,your,support!,I,hope,I,can,do,as,well,for,Florida,as,you,have,done!,https://t.co/Vx5iltoaXj
My,contract,with,the,American,voter,will,restore,honesty,accountability,&amp;,CHANGE,to,Washington!,#DrainTheSwamp,https://t.co/sbVwctT1Sj
Peter,Navarro:,'Trump,the,Bull,vs.,Clinton,the,Bear',#DrainTheSwamp,https://t.co/mQRkfMG80j
'Democratic,operative,caught,on,camera:,Hillary,PERSONALLY,ordered,'Donald,Duck',troll,campaign,that,broke,the,law'https://t.co/sTreHAfYUH
Join,me,tomorrow,in,Sanford,or,Tallahassee,Florida!Sanford,at,3pm:https://t.co/PZENw9KhegTallahassee,at,6pm:https://t.co/WKI69e1bqD
THANK,YOU,St.,Augustine,Florida!,Get,out,and,VOTE!,Join,the,MOVEMENT,-,and,lets,#DrainTheSwamp!,Off,to,Tampa,now!…,https://t.co/zgwqhy2jBX
Join,me,LIVE,on,my,Facebook,page,in,St.,Augustine,Florida!,Lets,#DrainTheSwamp,&amp;,MAKE,AMERICA,GREAT,AGAIN!…,https://t.co/mPzVrcaR9L
Honored,to,receive,an,endorsement,from,@SJSOPIO,-,thank,you!,Together,we,are,going,to,MAKE,AMERICA,SAFE,&amp;,GREAT,AG…,https://t.co/PSTcOei5t1
'Hillary,Clinton,Had,Gun,Control,Supporters,Planted,In,Town,Hall,Audience',https://t.co/1GVq74iW8a
Leaving,West,Palm,Beach,Florida,now,-,heading,to,St.,Augustine,for,a,3pm,rally.,Will,be,in,Tampa,at,7pm,-,join,me:…,https://t.co/eLunEQRxZq
'The,Clinton,Foundation’s,Most,Questionable,Foreign,Donations'#PayToPlay,#DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/IkeqMRjX5z
Departing,Farmers,Round,Table,in,Boynton,Beach,Florida.,Get,out,&amp;,VOTE-,lets,#MAGA!,EARLY,VOTING,BY,FL.,COUNTY:…,https://t.co/MgJxNbxRga
Get,out,to,VOTE,on,11/8/2016-,and,we,will,#DrainTheSwamp!RASMUSSEN,NATIONAL,Trump,43%Clinton,41%,https://t.co/jIOR7Bq816
We,are,winning,and,the,press,is,refusing,to,report,it.,Don't,let,them,fool,you-,get,out,and,vote!,#DrainTheSwamp,on,November,8th!
Why,has,nobody,asked,Kaine,about,the,horrible,views,emanated,on,WikiLeaks,about,Catholics?,Media,in,the,tank,for,Clinton,but,Trump,will,win!
Major,story,that,the,Dems,are,making,up,phony,polls,in,order,to,suppress,the,the,Trump,.,We,are,going,to,WIN!
Wow,just,came,out,on,secret,tape,that,Crooked,Hillary,wants,to,take,in,as,many,Syrians,as,possible.,We,cannot,let,this,happen,-,ISIS!
'Clinton,Ally,Aided,Campaign,of,FBI,Official’s,Wife',https://t.co/U0w99gfyKE
'Clinton,Charity,Got,Up,To,$56,Million,From,Nations,That,Are,Anti-Women,Gays',#CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/eHsuBdi8XM
Thank,you,Naples,Florida!,Get,out,and,VOTE,#TrumpPence16,on,11/8.,Lets,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!,Full,Naples,rally…,https://t.co/5ZbteSJ00K
The,attack,on,Mosul,is,turning,out,to,be,a,total,disaster.,We,gave,them,months,of,notice.,U.S.,is,looking,so,dumb.,VOTE,TRUMP,and,WIN,AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary,#PayToPlay,https://t.co/BT1Nv0ZMYg
Join,me,in,Naples,Florida,this,evening,at,6:00pm!,Tickets:,https://t.co/Oax06JVzv1,https://t.co/g9LBxI1dJ8
Remember,-,get,out,on,November,8th,&amp;,VOTE,#TrumpPence16.,It,is,time,to,#DrainTheSwamp,--,this,is,our,last,chance!,https://t.co/bnGcJUt7UL
Former,Prosecutor:,The,Clintons,Are,So,Corrupt,Everything,‘They,Touch,Turns,To,Molten,Lead’,https://t.co/5Eyfi092vn
Thank,you,Las,Vegas,Review,Journal!,EDITORIAL:,'Donald,Trump,for,president',https://t.co/uH5GH7Bhe0,via,@reviewjournal
Well,Iran,has,done,it,again.,Taken,two,of,our,people,and,asking,for,a,fortune,for,their,release.,This,doesn't,happen,if,I'm,president!
If"	you	can't	run	your	own	house	you	certainly	can't	run	the	White	House"	A	statement	made	by	Mrs.	Obama	about	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton																														
for	the	massive	turnout	tonight-	Cleveland	Ohio!	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE	#TrumpPence16	on	11/8.Watch	rally	here:…	https://t.co/XuJZeJwSGk																																					
Even	Lied	About	Timing	of	Veep	Pick'https://t.co/e1NVdpSfNr																																															
out	policies	for	first	100	days	in	White	House'https://t.co/OrwOIFJuSz																																													
told	Clinton	her	secret	email	account	caused	problems'https://t.co/i4zN2QzKnf																																														
in	Cleveland	Ohio-	join	Governor	@Mike_Pence	and	I	now	LIVE	via:	https://t.co/SS58ChFTNy																																										
'Architect	of	failure'#DrainTheSwamp	#CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/b5HqsGrc7N																																																		
of	supporters	in	Virginia	Beach	Virginia.	Thank	you!	Next	stop	-	Cleveland	Ohio.…	https://t.co/CN3sdX5ft1																																								
to	#DrainTheSwamp	&amp;	create	a	new	GOVERNMENT	of	by	&amp;	for	the	PEOPLE	I	need	your	VOTE!	Go	to	https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ-	LET'S	#MAGA!																																
introduced	my	Contract	with	the	American	Voter	-	our	economy	will	be	STRONG	&amp;	our	people	will	be	SAFE.…	https://t.co/Sa6XUfueU4																																		
to	come	from	outside	our	very	broken	system.	#MAGA	https://t.co/OH9Lvo3R7K																																												
Clinton	Tops	Middle	East	Forum’s	‘Islamist	Money	List'https://t.co/JC25rNtx6G																																														
Gettysburg	Pennsylvania!	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/jWgLcxDji7																																																		
Pennsylvania	now.	Great	new	poll	this	morning	thank	you.	Lets	#DrainTheSwamp	and	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain…	https://t.co/BV2RFavG84																																								
in	Cleveland	Ohio	w/	@mike_pence	tonight-	join	us:	https://t.co/hre7FofPxQNaples	Florida-tomorrow	@	6pm:	https://t.co/Oax06JVzv1																																									
refuses	to	talk	about	the	three	new	national	polls	that	have	me	in	first	place.	Biggest	crowds	ever	-	watch	what	happens!																																
from	Pennsylvania	where	we	will	be	bringing	back	their	jobs.	Amazing	crowd.	Will	be	going	back	tomorrow	to	Gettysburg!																																			
and	I	will	be	in	Cleveland	Ohio	tomorrow	night	at	7pm	-	join	us!	#MAGATickets:…	https://t.co/kfJv5Po0x6																																						
to	the	great	crowd	of	supporters	in	Newtown	Pennsylvania.	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE	on	11/8/16.	Lets	#MAGA!	Watch:…	https://t.co/eb6XuMlbFW																																			
U.S.	intelligence	info.	to	Podesta’s	hacked	email	is	‘unquestionably	an	OPSEC	violation’	https://t.co/z58aeo4CO7																																									
Clinton	camp’s	work	with	‘VERY	friendly	and	malleable	reporters’	#DrainTheSwamp	#CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/bcYLslrxi0																																											
Shreds	Obama	Economy	-	Acting	DNC	chair	says	'people	are	more	in	despair	about	how	things	are'	https://t.co/LQNbISSoX0																																				
https://t.co/3cBNYjl5CD	https://t.co/sjwkuq3nkk																																																				
And	Harry	Reid	Worked	With	New	York	Times	To	Smear	State	Dept	Watchdog'Time	to	#DrainTheSwamp!	https://t.co/0VDdGdpCTg																																						
In,2010,video,Clinton,lectured,underlings,on,cybersecurity,and,guarding,‘sensitive,information’	https://t.co/dL7VDMqSLy																																																				
in	Johnstown	Pennsylvania-	thank	you.	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE	on	11/8!	Watch	the	MOVEMENT	in	PA.	this	afternoon…	https://t.co/DUMlbSkVeY																																			
Clinton	Foundation	official	said	he	could	name	“500	different	examples”	of	conflicts	of	interest.	https://t.co/rtWhdYOyq7																																							
at	center	of	negotiating	$12M	commitment	from	King	Mohammed	VI	of	Morocco”	to	Clinton	Fdn.	https://t.co/HWOQ7jQWY2																																						
in	Fletcher	North	Carolina-	thank	you!	Heading	to	Johnstown	Pennsylvania	now!	Get	out	on	November	8th…	https://t.co/IG5KhKIz3W																																					
are	in	on	the	final	debate	and	it	is	almost	unanimous	I	WON!	Thank	you	these	are	very	exciting	times.																																		
it	a	MESS	the	rest	of	us	call	it	CORRUPT!	WikiLeaks	catches	Crooked	in	the	act	-	again.#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/juvdLIJPWu																																			
Obama's	Broken	Promises.	#RepealObamacare	https://t.co/oz24r2xW7G																																																	
to	those	without	health	coverage-	those	that	have	disastrous	#Obamacare	are	seeing	MASSIVE	PREMIUM	INCR…	https://t.co/J7ldXmUmJm																																						
took	office	in	2009	employer-provided	premiums	cost	$13,375.00 	Today	they	are	$18,142.00 	Thanks	Obama.																																								
promised	200k	jobs	in	NY	and	FAILED.	We'll	create	25M	jobs	when	I'm	president	and	I	will	DELIVER!	https://t.co/NgyCkEH7Xn																																			
MILLIONS	from	oppressive	ME	countries.	Will	she	give	the	$$$	back?	Probably	not.	Don't	forget	her	slog…	https://t.co/esLgql0Gg8																																				
the	third	debate'https://t.co/Wh52fyLNRz																																																			
-	JOIN	ME!TOMORROWFletcher	NC	@	12pm.	https://t.co/uASvA4Gd4rSATURDAYCleveland	OH	@	7pm.	https://t.co/hre7Foxqpo																																											
OHIO	RALLY!Watch	here:	https://t.co/0qAjfOcu6Y	https://t.co/fpShHiXI31																																																	
of	the	entire	family	we	would	truly	be	honored	to	have	your	vote!	Let's	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#EarlyVote	https://t.co/tv7ihuvmfS																																					
to	Crooked	Hillary?	Don't	forget	-	it's	going	to	cost	you!#DrainTheSwamp	#PayToPlay	https://t.co/qjMBZkEnK9																																									
Delaware	County	Ohio!	Remember-	either	we	WIN	this	election	or	we	are	going	to	LOSE	this	country!…	https://t.co/ntDRTzYOqi																																				
POTUS	-	I	will	stop	RADICAL	ISLAMIC	TERRORISM	in	this	country!	In	order	to	do	this	we	need	to…	https://t.co/45Vyk6z18m																																		
Hillary	Clinton	announce	that	she	was	inappropriately	given	the	debate	questions	-	she	secretly	used	them!	Crooked	Hillary.																																				
America!	#MAGARasmussen	National	PollDonald	Trump	43%Hillary	Clinton	40%	https://t.co/n4eZ3qpcjg																																													
in	Ohio.	Thank	you	America-	I	am	honored	to	win	the	final	debate	for	our	MOVEMENT.	It	is	time	to…	https://t.co/ivdjRzL6wZ																																	
Donna	Brazile	chokes	on	the	truth.	Highly	illegal!	Watch:	https://t.co/Rs5brj31bA	https://t.co/FYoRo6MUjX																																											
Times	Presidential	Debate	Poll:TRUMP	77%	(18290)CLINTON	17%	(4100)#DrainTheSwamp	#Debate	https://t.co/wsgsf5nv6H																																												
MOVEMENT	to	#MAGA!https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/V84qfN4oz1																																																		
-	thank	you	America!	Once	we	#DrainTheSwamp	together	we	will	#MAGA🇺🇸#Debate	https://t.co/SvcjmrsHKD																																										
really	exciting.	Made	all	of	my	points.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																											
team	over	on	my	Facebook	page-	live	now!	#Debateshttps://t.co/vpDVQfO58A	https://t.co/5v1tWzHrxq																																												
of	division	is	coming	to	an	end.	We	will	create	a	new	future	of	#AmericanUnity.	First	we	need	to…	https://t.co/mZUFP24Bgh																																		
take	four	more	years	of	Barack	Obama	and	that’s	what	you’ll	get	if	you	vote	for	Hillary.	#BigLeagueTruth																																				
this	campaign	to	Make	America	Great	Again.	That’s	what	I’m	going	to	do.	#MAGA	#debate																																							
CARE	POLICIES#DrainTheSwamp	#Debate	https://t.co/t1Sr8dk2Xi																																																		
to	repeal	&amp;	replace	#Obamacare!	Look	at	what	is	doing	to	people!	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/fsv7P11mWV																																								
going	to	cut	taxes	BIG	LEAGUE	--	Crooked	is	going	to	raise	taxes	BIG	LEAGUE!	#DrainTheSwamp…	https://t.co/41X9Qjy0RJ																																					
infiltrated	countries	all	over	Europe	by	posing	as	refugees	and	@HillaryClinton	will	allow	it	to	happen	h…	https://t.co/MmeW2qsTQh																																				
cannot	take	four	more	years	of	these	same	failed	policies.#BigLeagueTruth	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/o8g2E5xXy6																																										
can	save	American	JOBS	American	LIVES	and	AMERICAN	FUTURES!	#Debates	https://t.co/2Yfd0Omn4X																																											
the	greatest	business	people	in	the	world	but	we	let	political	hacks	negotiate	our	deals.	We	need	change!	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debate																																		
DEFEAT	ISIS.	THEY	HAVE	BEEN	AROUND	TOO	LONG!	What	has	our	leadership	been	doing?#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/tU0iW3Gi9v																																							
@HillaryClinton	allowed	ISIS	to	rise	she	now	claims	she'll	defeat	them?	LAUGHABLE!	Here's	my	plan:	https://t.co/FzRMObNQVn																																						
Are	Saying	About	@realDonaldTrump's	GREAT	Debate	and	@HillaryClinton's	Bad	Performance…	https://t.co/1O86a49vJZ																																											
																																																					
going	into	Iraq.	Hillary	voted	for	it.	As	with	everything	else	she's	supported	it	was	a	DISASTER.	https://t.co/Um5WJXWfBZ																																				
https://t.co/eoBiXFPc5f																																																					
on	HRC:	Bad	Judgement.	John	Podesta	on	HRC:	Bad	Instincts.	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debate																																										
ALL	OVER	THE	WORLD.	#BigLeagueTruth		❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA	PIVOT❌RUSSIAN	RESET❌BENGHAZI…	https://t.co/H1UH0svtt2																																												
take,back,Mosul?	We	would	have	NEVER	lost	Mosul-	if	it	wasn't	for	#CrookedHillary.	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/TmsY0ApFLQ																																								
give	the	money	back	@HillaryClinton!	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/m0LKHRUoHz																																															
aides	were	MIRED	in	massive	conflicts	of	interests	at	the	State	Dept.	We	MUST	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/a4p7q9jZde	#Debate																																					
Trump's	RIGHT.	The	Clinton	Foundation	has	taken	MILLIONS	from	the	Middle	East.	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/Kgcaf5tdTM																																								
foundation	is	a	CRIMINAL	ENTERPRISE.	Time	to	#DrainTheSwamp!		https://t.co/89eOMTsIjt	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debate																																										
you	won’t	answer	the	pay-to-play	question.”	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																														
to	lie.	America	has	had	enough	of	the	CLINTON'S!	It	is	time	to	#DrainTheSwamp!	Debates	https://t.co/3Mz4T7qTTR																																						
anything	and	change	NOTHING!	#MAGA	#BigLeagueTruth	https://t.co/6E767Uw6Dj																																															
do	more	in	the	first	30	days	in	office	than	Hillary	has	done	in	the	last	30	years!	#Debate 	#BigLeagueTruth	https://t.co/tuNQePu8Vk																																	
incited	violence	at	my	rallies.	These	incidents	weren't	spontaneous	-	like	she	claimed	in	Benghazi!	https://t.co/aCzOgFIfZ2																																						
nothing	more	than	a	Wall	Street	PUPPET!	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debate	https://t.co/skhBWG6AQ3																																												
you	by	@HillaryClinton	&amp;	her	campaign-	in	Chicago	Illinois.	#BigLeagueTruth	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/10iUBOcECp																																										
do	more	in	the	first	30	days	in	office	than	Hillary	has	done	in	the	last	30	years!	#Debate…	https://t.co/GunaVggS0N																																		
is	stagnant.	We’ve	lost	jobs	and	business.	We	don’t	make	things	anymore	b/c	of	the	bill	Hillary’s	husband	signed	and	she	blessed																																
has	never	created	a	job	in	her	life.	We	will	create	25	million	jobs.	Think	she	can	do	that?	Not	a	c…	https://t.co/64Kll0Dl7K																															
been	doing	this	for	THIRTY	YEARS....where	has	she	been?	#BigLeagueTruth																																												
Obama	an	“A”	for	an	economic	recovery	that’s	the	slowest	since	WWII...	#BigLeagueTruth…	https://t.co/wVMFHdyCu2																																								
IS	CLEAR!#BigLeagueTruth	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/kGx88PEpmX																																																		
renegotiate	NAFTA.	If	I	can’t	make	a	great	deal	we’re	going	to	tear	it	up.	We’re	going	to	get	this	economy	running	again.	#Debate																														
will	add	$1.15 	TRILLION	in	new	taxes.	We	cannot	afford	her!	#DrainTheSwamp	#Debate	https://t.co/jpjKY1IiQh																																								
what	we	can	expect	from	#CrookedHillary.	More	Taxes.	More	Spending.	#BigLeageTruth	#DrainTheSwamp	#Debates	https://t.co/5yxnt0gNUF																																								
																																																					
hikes	will	CRUSH	our	economy.	I	will	cut	taxes	--	BIG	LEAGUE.	https://t.co/EtA1tBnrNG	https://t.co/NgMDP4wilI																																								
about	jobs?	Remember	what	she	promised	upstate	New	York.	#BigLeagueTruth#Debates	https://t.co/SmjNuHi7XB																																											
been	a	foreign	policy	DISASTER	for	the	American	people.	I	will	#MakeAmericaStrongAgain	#Debate…	https://t.co/tj6PWM5r1J																																								
plan	calls	for	more	regulation	and	more	government	spending.	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																											
have	failed	failed	and	failed.	#BigLeagueTruthTime	to	#DrainTheSwamp!	https://t.co/c2EiyU8XKK																																													
called	for	550%	more	Syrian	immigrants	but	won’t	even	mention	“radical	Islamic	terrorists.”	#Debate…	https://t.co/Rf48XkZWbu																																							
-	WE	AGREE!#BigLeagueTruth	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/WnofYy60fc																																																	
paid	$225,000 	by	a	Brazilian	bank	for	a	speech	that	called	for	“open	borders.”	That’s	a	quote!	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																			
CLINTON	ON	IMMIGRATION#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth	https://t.co/OP4c7Jc8Ad																																																	
too	weak	to	lead	on	border	security-no	solutions	no	ideas	no	credibility.She	supported	NAFTA	worst	deal	in	US	history.	#Debate																																		
a	SAFE	America	w/	stronger	borders	no	amnesty	and	an	END	to	sanctuary	cities.	He	is…	https://t.co/7Ha00c77Gb																																					
Simple:	We	should	only	admit	into	this	country	those	who	share	our	VALUES	and	RESPECT	our	people.	https://t.co/TlJo8dtVjZ																																				
my	first	acts	as	President	will	be	to	deport	the	drug	lords	and	then	secure	the	border.	#Debate	#MAGA																																			
will	use	American	tax	dollars	to	provide	amnesty	for	thousands	of	illegals.	I	will	put…	https://t.co/ZpV33TfbR6																																						
pouring	into	this	country.	If	we	have	no	border	we	have	no	country.	That’s	why	ICE	endorsed	me.	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																		
https://t.co/QbOaf8Dlhs																																																					
PRO-LIFE	PRO-FAMILY	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debates2016	https://t.co/nOqbDBMQFM																																																	
so	imperative	that	we	have	the	right	justices.	#DrainTheSwamp	#Debates #BigLeagueTruth	https://t.co/RHryqijTlu																																											
litany	of	ways	she	plans	to	restrict	gun	rights.	2A	will	not	survive	a	Hillary	presidency.	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																				
PROTECT	and	DEFEND	the	Constitution	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/mNTio22WK8																																													
Amendment	is	under	siege.	We	need	SCOTUS	judges	who	will	uphold	the	US	Constitution.	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																						
wants	to	create	the	most	liberal	Supreme	Court	in	history	#debate	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/fKJBNXvluh																																									
lead.	Ready	to	Make	America	Great	Again.	#Debate	#MAGA																																													
an	incredible	MOVEMENT-	WE	are	going	to	take	our	country	BACK!	#November8th	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debate	https://t.co/BT4VgYTkBr																																							
at	https://t.co/Q08Kp4w3oT	and	get	the	word	out	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debate	Help	us	spread	the	TRUTH	stop	the…	https://t.co/GS9YQYzF6x																																					
be	handing	over	my	Twitter	account	to	my	team	of	deplorables	for	tonight's	#debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																								
contractor	caught	in	voter-fraud	video	is	a	felon	who	visited	White	House	342	times:	https://t.co/qQdsMHAtkT																																							
to	Lose	Health	Insurance	in	Battleground	North	Carolina	Due	to	#Obamacare'https://t.co/18McSKO2AY																																											
team	tonight	at	8:30pmE!https://t.co/ZqJmf4yB87	https://t.co/ncJXn6fURF																																																	
issue	a	lifetime	ban	against	senior	executive	branch	officials	lobbying	on	behalf	of	a	FOREIGN	GOVERNMENT!…	https://t.co/GQizTdCdFC																																					
going	to	expand	the	definition	of	LOBBYIST	-	so	we	close	all	the	LOOPHOLES!	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/PBPrrEnfSK																																						
increasing	33%	in	Pennsylvania	-	a	complete	disaster.	It	must	be	repealed	and	replaced!…	https://t.co/aDZEfcI7SM																																							
Deleted	Emails	With	Her	Email	Server	Technician'https://t.co/VvO4lTKsaj																																															
in	Delaware	Ohio	tomorrow	at	12:30pm!	#DrainTheSwamp	Tickets:	https://t.co/TWRFY1ryY8	https://t.co/Zd1KjzlCtJ																																												
Adviser	Mocked	Plotted	Attacks	on	Pro-Sanders	Civil	Rights	Leader'	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/ER5FtjZgjw																																											
Who	Oversaw	Trump	Rally	Agitators	Visited	White	House	342	Times'	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/MO4SJaQMzo																																										
hard	and	illegally	for	Clinton'	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/zXvUnJTKhF																																															
Clinton's	gatekeeper	at	State'#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/xxTTZeMYAc																																																	
Department's	'shadow	government'	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/UtbqlGrYJh																																																	
Emails	From	Team	Clinton:	https://t.co/KYirBbYjp2	https://t.co/f8Z7olUvlM																																																
time	to	#DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/U2XeM2vDJK																																																			
–	Emails	Show	Clinton	Campaign	Organized	Potential	VPs	By	Race	And	Gender:	https://t.co/Qk1fOm1t8L																																									
																																																					
#DrainTheSwamp	in	Washington	D.C.	and	VOTE	#TrumpPence16	on	11/8/2016.	Together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE…	https://t.co/rVcjXdWxzp																																						
the	most	corrupt	person	to	ever	run	for	the	presidency	of	the	United	States.	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/xA3YO8YzCq																																						
Tried	to	Limit	Damage	From	Classified	Info	on	Email	Server'	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/5j8WuKLL5o																																										
disrupter	was	once	on	Clinton's	payroll'https://t.co/75oLLuD4SI																																																
Colorado	Springs.	If	I’m	elected	President	I	am	going	to	keep	Radical	Islamic	Terrorists	out	of	our	count…	https://t.co/N74UK73RLK																																			
ME	MD	MN	NJ	OR	&amp;	WV!	It's	the	LAST	DAY	to	mail	in	voter	reg	forms.	Get	the	forms	at…	https://t.co/CbpgL6wynY																																
time	to	#DrainTheSwamp	in	Washington	D.C!	Vote	Nov.	8th	to	take	down	the	#RIGGED	system!	https://t.co/Ox9hH13Q9I																																						
Urged	Her	to	Take	Foreign	Lobbyist	Donation	And	Deal	With	Attacks:	https://t.co/o2qvr1myIZ																																										
quick	reminder	that	today	is	your	last	day	to	register	to	vote!	https://t.co/ZnPgnu8vCS	https://t.co/gF8ErCzTC1																																								
let	Crooked	run	the	govt	history	will	remember	2017	as	the	year	America	lost	its	independence.	#DrainTheSwamp	https://t.co/VpYiO8CnXQ																																				
Cover-ups.	And	now	bribery?	So	CROOKED.	I	will	#DrainTheSwamp.	https://t.co/FNzMit7mD8																																												
Make	Our	Government	Honest	Again	--	believe	me.	But	first	I'm	going	to	have	to	#DrainTheSwamp	in	DC.	https://t.co/m1lMAQPnIb																																			
in	WI.	I’m	going	to	fight	for	every	person	in	this	country	who	believes	government	should	serve	the	PEO…	https://t.co/UIKwWNmwR7																																		
Trump	Ethics	Reform	Plan	For	Washington	D.C.https://t.co/lKzas1SqUA																																															
Agents	Say	Comey	‘Stood	In	The	Way’	Of	Clinton	Email	Investigation:https://t.co/6n63fHVvNo																																											
quick!	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton's	pay	to	play	guide:	https://t.co/uKh5sCFfrv																																													
evidence	of	a	media-rigged	election:	https://t.co/rVh4ocgx3r																																																
Melania	will	be	interviewed	tonight	at	8:00pm	by	Anderson	Cooper	on	@CNN.	I	have	no	doubt	she	will	do	very	well.	Enjoy!																																
sign	the	first	bill	to	repeal	#Obamacare	and	give	Americans	many	choices	and	much	lower	rates!																																						
Office	Announces	Statewide	TV	Ad	Strategy	and	Leadership	Team:	https://t.co/wVJZTjY8bA	https://t.co/JUBRu4mqCE																																											
in	Colorado	Springs	Colorado	tomorrow	at	1:00pm!	#MAGA	Tickets:	https://t.co/ktFk8RuaUK																																												
colluded	w/FBI	and	DOJ	and	media	is	covering	up	to	protect	her.	It's	a	#RiggedSystem!	Our	country	d…	https://t.co/kuinRTImVJ																																			
are	good	because	the	media	has	deceived	the	public	by	putting	women	front	and	center	with	made-up	stories	and	lies	and	got	caught																															
																																																					
																																																					
are	with	the	forces	fighting	ISIS	in	Iraq.	We	must	never	back	down	against	this	extreme	radical	Islami…	https://t.co/oEoFIA8Rym																																			
polls	just	came	out	from	@CNN			Great	numbers	especially	after	total	media	hit	job.	Leading	Ohio	48	-	44																																	
FBI	confirms	State	Dept.	offered	'quid	pro	quo'	to	cover	up	classified	emailshttps://t.co/A3mCNBLCsO																																									
Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	even	got	the	questions	to	a	debate	and	nobody	says	a	word.	Can	you	imagine	if	I	got	the	questions?																															
																																																					
																																																					
even	the	Clinton	campaign	knew	Crooked	mishandled	classified	info	but	no	one	gets	charged?	RIGGED!	https://t.co/FgGxDsS0a1																																						
all	got	to	come	together	and	win	this	election.	We	can't	have	four	more	years	of	Obama	(or	worse!).																																			
there	is	large	scale	voter	fraud	happening	on	and	before	election	day.	Why	do	Republican	leaders	deny	what	is	going	on?	So	naive!																															
these	totally	phoney	stories	100%	made	up	by	women	(many	already	proven	false)	and	pushed	big	time	by	press	have	impact!																																	
IN	ORANGE	COUNTY	NORTH	CAROLINA.	With	you	all	the	way	will	never	forget.	Now	we	have	to	win.	Proud	of	you	all!		@NCGOP																														
Hillary	Clinton	and	Dems	in	North	Carolina	just	firebombed	our	office	in	Orange	County	because	we	are	winning	@NCGOP																																			
released	by	Wikileakes	shows	quid,pro,quo	in	Crooked	Hillary	e-mail	probe.Such	a	dishonest	person	-	&amp;	Paul	Ryan	does	zilch!																																			
the	new	ABC	News/Washington	Post	Poll	Hillary	Clinton	is	down	11	points	with	WOMEN	VOTERS	and	the	election	is	close	at	47-43!																																
a	man	who	doesn't	know	how	to	win	(including	failed	run	four	years	ago)	must	start	focusing	on	the	budget	military	vets	etc.																															
have	a	corrupt	political	machine	pushing	crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	We	have	Paul	Ryan	always	fighting	the	Republican	nominee!																																				
in	Wisconsin	tomorrow	or	Colorado	on	Tuesday!Green	Bay-	6pmhttps://t.co/9L917nvCBXColorado	Springs-	1pm…	https://t.co/972GWZDGEp																																										
majority	felt	she	should	be	prosecuted..."	--	even	senior	FBI	officials	thought	Crooked	was	guilty.	https://t.co/AFtDs7HVlt																																						
is	absolutely	being	rigged	by	the	dishonest	and	distorted	media	pushing	Crooked	Hillary	-	but	also	at	many	polling	places	-	SAD																																
wondered	how	Hillary	avoided	prosecution	for	her	email	scheme.	Wikileaks	may	have	found	the	answer.	Obama!	https://t.co/xF0wv8Oa8q																																					
thought	her	email	scandal	might	just	blow	over.	Who	would	trust	these	people	with	national	security?	https://t.co/EvBCQoZRG2																																					
that	Crooked	Hillary	says	has	funded	ISIS	also	gave	Wild	Bill	$1 	million	for	his	birthday?	SO	CORRUPT!	https://t.co/00s5tgsXrM																																			
Crooked	&amp;	the	Gang	off	the	hook	for	the	crime	but	it	looks	like	the	cover-up	is	just	as	bad.	Unbelievable!	https://t.co/eWjHoq20Dw																																
being	rigged	by	the	media	in	a	coordinated	effort	with	the	Clinton	campaign	by	putting	stories	that	never	happened	into	news!																																	
but	can	you	believe	I	lost	large	numbers	of	women	voters	based	on	made	up	events	THAT	NEVER	HAPPENED.	Media	rigging	election!																																
Night	Live	hit	job	on	me.Time	to	retire	the	boring	and	unfunny	show.	Alec	Baldwin	portrayal	stinks.	Media	rigging	election!																																		
for	sharing	Amy.	https://t.co/StfzCeaQgH																																																		
day	in	New	Hampshire	and	Maine.	Fantastic	crowds	and	energy!	#MAGA																																											
Bangor	Maine!	Get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrumpPence16	on	11/8/16-	and	together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	A…	https://t.co/sUSh8v07MW																																			
@nytimes	reporters	don't	even	call	us	anymore	they	just	write	whatever	they	want	to	write	making	up	sources	along	the	way!																																	
happened	with	any	of	these	women.	Totally	made	up	nonsense	to	steal	the	election.	Nobody	has	more	respect	for	women	than	me!																																
in	Portsmouth	New	Hampshire	w/	7K	supporters.	THANK	YOU!	This	is	the	biggest	election	of	our	lifetime…	https://t.co/4otZyjYLc2																																				
New	Hampshire	soon	to	talk	about	the	massive	drug	problem	there	and	all	over	the	country.																																						
is	a	beautiful	weapon.	https://t.co/P7FrFhicvw																																																	
removing	the	broken	teleprompter	in	North	Carolina-in	front	of	a	massive	crowd.	He	goes	on&amp;delivers	the	b…	https://t.co/dyNxc1HDTW																																				
should	have	been	prosecuted	and	should	be	in	jail.	Instead	she	is	running	for	president	in	what	looks	like	a	rigged	election																																
in	Bangor	Maine	today	at	3pm-	join	me!	#MAGATickets:	https://t.co/NY7E1FBOB7	https://t.co/5TN2wvnR7J																																											
is	being	rigged	by	the	media	pushing	FALSE	and	unsubstantiated	charges	and	outright	lies	in	order	to	elect	Crooked	Hillary!																																		
and	made-up	charges	pushed	strongly	by	the	media	and	the	Clinton	Campaign	may	poison	the	minds	of	the	American	Voter.	FIX!																																	
@TrumpWomensTour!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/R4oxaHpsAB																																																				
Charlotte	North	Carolina!	We	are	going	to	have	an	AMAZING	victory	on	November	8th...because	this	is	all…	https://t.co/A7Ql7KuMfT																																				
you're	registered	to	vote!	Let's	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	We	can't	afford	more	years	of	FAILURE!	All	info:…	https://t.co/MgV5urLhB0																																						
for	your	support	Greensboro	North	Carolina.	Next	stop	-	Charlotte!	#MAGAhttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/jjde4W1hz2																																										
ARE	SAYING	ABOUT	THE	CLINTON	CAMPAIGN’S	ANTI-CATHOLIC	BIGOTRY:	https://t.co/oRUlaT4zbn																																													
to	our	U.S.	Navy	for	protecting	our	country	both	in	times	of	peace	&amp;	war.	Together	WE	WILL	MAKE	AMERICA…	https://t.co/v23jCl4tEQ																																	
live	in	Cincinnati	Ohio!#TrumpRally	#MAGAhttps://t.co/MzqgNNVfZb																																																	
in	Greensboro	North	Carolina	tomorrow	at	2:00pm!	#TrumpRallyhttps://t.co/vpLryxCyoq	https://t.co/dRra2AqayJ																																													
of	MN.	just	announced	that	the	Affordable	Care	Act	(Obamacare)	is	no	longer	affordable.	I've	been	saying	this	for	years-	disaster!																																	
her	story.	Because	it	did	not	happen!																																															
be	in	Cincinnati	Ohio	tomorrow	night	at	7:30pm-	join	me!	#OhioVotesEarly	#VoteTrumpPence16	Tickets:…	https://t.co/Bp5iHKbT2d																																								
in	Lakeland	Florida.	Voter	registration	extended	to	10/18.	REGISTER	ASAP	@	https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ	&amp;…	https://t.co/PygIlshrgv																																								
of	Cuba	have	struggled	too	long.	Will	reverse	Obama's	Executive	Orders	and	concessions	towards	Cuba	until	freedoms	are	restored.																																			
PLAY	POLITICS.	#CrookedHillary	https://t.co/wjsl8ITVvk																																																		
pick-up	by	the	dishonest	media	of	incredible	information	provided	by	WikiLeaks.	So	dishonest!	Rigged	system!																																							
Clinton	likes	to	talk	about	the	things	she	will	do	but	she	has	been	there	for	30	years	-	why	didn't	she	do	them?																														
Florida-	a	MOVEMENT	that	has	never	been	seen	before	and	will	never	be	seen	again.	Lets	get	out	&amp;…	https://t.co/t9XM9wFDZI																																		
Thursday	in	Florida	&amp;	Ohio!West	Palm	Beach	FL	at	noon:https://t.co/jwbZnQhxg9Cincinnati	OH	this	7:30pm:https://t.co/5w2UhalPIx																																									
Town	Hall	questions	were	given	to	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	in	advance	of	big	debates	against	Bernie	Sanders.	Hillary	&amp;	CNN	FRAUD!																																	
Texas!	If	you	haven't	registered	to	VOTE-	today	is	your	last	day.	Go	to:	https://t.co/HfihPEA3Sp	&amp;	get	ou…	https://t.co/gxbDRD4x2k																																			
DEADLINES	TODAY.	You	can	register	now	at:	https://t.co/HfihPEA3Sp	and	get	out	to…	https://t.co/LlFdF0DRX4																																									
HER	FOOL	US	AGAIN.	https://t.co/3QSoADFh7S																																																	
Dept	gave	special	attention	to	Friends,of,Bill	after	the	Haiti	Earthquake.	Unbelievable!	https://t.co/opP2l8ln0J																																										
people	are	looking	at	the	disgraceful	behavior	of	Hillary	Clinton	as	exposed	by	WikiLeaks.	She	is	unfit	to	run.																																			
now	leaving	soon	for	BIG	rally	in	Florida!																																														
foul	mouthed	Sen.	John	McCain	begged	for	my	support	during	his		primary	(I	gave	he	won)	then	dropped	me	over	locker	room	remarks!																														
have	voter	registration	deadlines	TODAY:	FL	OH	PA	MI	GA	TX	NM	IN	LA	TN	AR	KY	SC.Register:	https://t.co/wAtnFpN6wL																																			
https://t.co/RcBPCcmwnD																																																					
are	far	more	difficult	than	Crooked	Hillary.	They	come	at	you	from	all	sides.	They	don’t	know	how	to	win	-	I	will	teach	them!																													
exception	of	cheating	Bernie	out	of	the	nom	the	Dems	have	always	proven	to	be	far	more	loyal	to	each	other	than	the	Republicans!																														
so	nice	that	the	shackles	have	been	taken	off	me	and	I	can	now	fight	for	America	the	way	I	want	to.																																
weak	and	ineffective	leader	Paul	Ryan	had	a	bad	conference	call	where	his	members	went	wild	at	his	disloyalty.																																			
the	second	debate	in	a	landslide	(every	poll)	it	is	hard	to	do	well	when	Paul	Ryan	and	others	give	zero	support!																																
Pennsylvania.	This	is	a	MOVEMENT	like	we	have	never	seen	before!	#VoteTrumpPence16	on	11/8/16-	together…	https://t.co/x0197JL5RU																																						
really	America?	Terrible!	https://t.co/WiwC61PIFu																																																		
got	caught	fixing	their	focus,group	in	order	to	make	Crooked	Hillary	look	better.	Really	pathetic	and	totally	dishonest!																																				
look	great	-	thank	you!#MAGA	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/4peQ3Sswdz																																															
the	worst	-	fortunately	they	have	bad	ratings	because	everyone	knows	they	are	biased.	https://t.co/oFRfNY2rUY																																							
should	spend	more	time	on	balancing	the	budget	jobs	and	illegal	immigration	and	not	waste	his	time	on	fighting	Republican	nominee																																	
for	all	of	the	great	comments	on	the	debate	last	night.	Very	exciting!																																									
St.	Louis	Missouri!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain		https://t.co/2llBltf0mE	https://t.co/wBmVxf1a9D																																																
Econ	Plan:✅Eliminate	excessive	regulations!	✅Lean	government!✅Lower	taxes!#Debates …	https://t.co/OchcnuSAgR																																														
is	the	single	biggest	beneficiary	of	Citizens	United	in	history	by	far.	#debate	#bigleaguetruth																																								
has	the	slowest	growth	since	1929	#BigLeagueTruth	#debate																																														
can	you	unite	a	country	if	you’ve	written	off	tens	of	millions	of	Americans?”	#Deplorables	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debate																																					
cannot	take	four	more	years	of	Barack	Obama!	#Debate																																													
@POTUS-"SHE'LL	(Hillary	Clinton)	SAY	ANYTHING	&amp;	CHANGE	NOTHING.	IT'S	TIME	TO	TURN	THE	PAGE"	#NAME?	Obama																																						
is	president	she’ll	be	all	talk	and	nothing	will	get	done.	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																									
on	“red	line”	in	Syria:	HRC	I,wasn’t,there.	Fact:	line	drawn	in	Aug	’12.	HRC	Secy	of	State	til	Feb	’13.	https://t.co/4yZjH3TR5B																																	
administration	EVERY	American	will	be	treated	equally	protected	equally	and	honored	equally	#Debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																								
let	this	evil	continue!	#Debates2016	https://t.co/f6BxYyRJID																																																
the	definition	of	ransom	⬇	https://t.co/370piI2JLp																																																
is	most	peaceful	and	most	prosperous	when	America	is	strongest.	https://t.co/Y2Dx7xyBBs																																											
Hillary	Clinton's	accomplishments	at	the	State	Department.#Debates2016	#RattledHillary	https://t.co/iouuqXYAdq																																													
There’s	a	big	difference	between	Hillary	Clinton	and	Abraham	Lincoln.	For	one	his	nickname	is	Hone…	https://t.co/A5JDkz1eCE																																					
to	cut	taxes	BIG	LEAGUE	for	the	middle	class.	She's	raising	your	taxes	and	I'm	lowering	your	taxes!https://t.co/ZwIkqNH2FX																																				
https://t.co/oI2qi2HAdO																																																					
claims	she	needs	a	“public	and	a	private	stance”	in	discussions	with	Wall	Street	banks.	#Debate																																						
when	the	MSM	runs	its	“interruption	counters”	they	consider	the	#	of	times	the	moderators	interrupted	me	com…	https://t.co/pHEjp8bZVP																																			
ITS	CALLED	EXTREME	VETTING!	#Debates2016	https://t.co/ueq7cbOg9Y																																																
WE,ARE,NOT,IN,A,NARRATIVE,FIGHT.@Mike_Pence	#MAGA	https://t.co/FUQzXlyPwY																																																			
FAILED	all	over	the	world!	􏰀	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debates2016	https://t.co/dalk9JKcFg																																													
NOT	above	the	law!#Debates2016	https://t.co/4arYZcGgYZ																																																	
Bill	“clarified”	what	he	meant	when	calling	Obamacare	a	“disaster.”	Actually	“disaster”	is	pretty	clear.	#Debate																																						
repeal	Obamacare	and	replace	it	with	a	much	more	competitive	comprehensive	affordable	system.	#debate	#MAGA																																							
Clinton	told	the	same	lie	to	sell	#ObamaCare.	#Debates2016	https://t.co/vhOLtHrR66																																												
-	Why	did	five	of	your	staffers	need	FBI	IMMUNITY?!	#BigLeagueTruth	#Debates																																										
deleted	emails	about	her	daughter’s	wedding.	That’s	a	lot	of	wedding	emails.	#debate																																									
Hillary	has	said	about	her	secret	server	has	been	true.	#CrookedHillary																																											
win-I	am	going	to	instruct	my	AG	to	get	a	special	prosecutor	to	look	into	your	situation	bc	there's	never	been	anything	like	your	lies.																													
Trump's	History	Of	Empowering	Women	#BigLeagueTruthhttps://t.co/oY2YSPz7nB																																																
been	anyone	more	abusive	to	women	in	politics	than	Bill	Clinton.My	words	were	unfortunate-the	Clintons’	actions	were	far	worse																																			
proud	of	my	locker	room	talk.	But	this	world	has	serious	problems.	We	need	serious	leaders.	#debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																				
simple.	“Make	America	Great	Again.”	#debate	#BigLeagueTruth																																															
of	deplorables	will	be	taking	over	my	Twitter	account	for	tonight's	#debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																										
on	#FacebookLive	as	I	conclude	my	final	#debate	preparations.	https://t.co/gAbNvI8Fd7																																												
terror	attack	today	reminds	the	world	of	the	grievous	perils	facing	Israeli	citizens....continued:https://t.co/d2Upx5FitC																																									
Willey	Jones	to	Bill's	Defenders:	‘These	Are	Crimes’	‘Terrified’	of	‘Enabler’	Hillary	https://t.co/DMfLsIbtU1																																									
USC	Dornsife	Sunday	Poll:	Donald	Trump	Retains	2	Point	Lead	Over	Hillary:https://t.co/n05rul4Ycw																																										
self-righteous	hypocrites.	Watch	their	poll	numbers	-	and	elections	-	go	down!																																										
Video	Interview:	Bill	Clinton	Accuser	Juanita	Broaddrick	Relives	Brutal	Rapes:https://t.co/9j7f8VK9Md																																												
(except	for	some	Republican	leadership).	Thank	you.																																															
to	my	great	supporters	in	Wisconsin.	I	heard	that	the	crowd	and	enthusiasm	was	unreal!																																							
and	establishment	want	me	out	of	the	race	so	badly	-		I	WILL	NEVER	DROP	OUT	OF	THE	RACE	WILL	NEVER	LET	MY	SUPPORTERS	DOWN!	#MAGA																											
been	an	interesting	24	hours!																																																	
my	statement.	https://t.co/WAZiGoQqMQ																																																			
prayers	with	the	millions	of	people	in	the	path	of	Hurricane	Matthew.	Look	out	for	neighbors	and	listen…	https://t.co/JqjyTiKicD																																			
Rasmussen	Poll:	https://t.co/BnAveA5OuP																																																			
Tennessee!	#MAGA	https://t.co/OoDFmerQ5B																																																			
on	11/8/16!	https://t.co/12zAk8VmgK																																																			
A	President	for	All	Americans'	https://t.co/3lU2vrUE3t																																																
be	a	Trump	Election	Observer.	Sign	up	today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/ZzFHlsWnh4																																														
everyone	in	Florida.	Hoping	the	hurricane	dissipates	but	in	any	event	please	be	careful.																																								
poll-	thank	you!	We	are	going	to	show	the	whole	world	that	America	is	back	–	BIGGER	and	BETTER	and	S…	https://t.co/2CikEXb0G7																																
just	released.	Two	rallies	there	on	Mon-	join	me!Ambridge:	https://t.co/TujWDWcgd3Wilkes-Barre:…	https://t.co/TeIeCttUpP																																											
And	Customs	Enforcement	Officers	(ICE)	Make	First-Ever	Presidential	Endorsement:https://t.co/eO1UY5N9J1																																													
great	honor!	https://t.co/vt4AmLdkeP																																																			
in	Reno	Nevada-	thank	you.	Make	sure	you	get	out	on	8-Nov	&amp;	VOTE	#TrumpPence16.	Together	we	will	put…	https://t.co/6gPJhb29xk																																		
just	out-	thank	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/UMY6kOiSTu																																																	
South	Carolina!	Everyone	has	to	get	out	and	VOTE	on	11/8/16.	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain…	https://t.co/os7EmRCdPf																																									
MN	&amp;	IA	already	underway	more	states	coming	up	in	the	next	week:	OH	ME	AZ	IN	—	check	w/local	officials	for	details	&amp;	VOTE!																													
says	Trump	is	their	pick	for	president'https://t.co/tzVN9QgPFS																																															
@SenJohnMcCain	for	your	kind	remarks	on	the	important	issue	of	PTSD	and	the	dishonest	media.	Great	to	be	in	Arizona	yesterday!																																	
is	right:	Obamacare	is	'crazy'	'doesn't	work'	and	'doesn't	make	sense'.		Thanks	Bill	for	telling	the	truth.																																				
Henderson	NV.	This	is	a	MOVEMENT	like	never	seen	before!	Watch	some	of	the	rally	via	my	Facebook	page:…	https://t.co/dNF8G4VUqY																																		
begin	a	rally	here	in	Henderson	Nevada.	New	Reuters	poll	just	out-	thank	you!	Join	the	MOVEMENT:…	https://t.co/uvbntNsxGl																																				
thank	you	@ICLV!	https://t.co/xzJhrLgjHP																																																		
interruptions	last	night	by	Tim	Kaine	should	not	have	been	allowed.	Mike	Pence	won	big!																																							
won	big.	We	should	all	be	proud	of	Mike!																																													
Aides	Were	Mired	In	Conflict	Of	Interest	At	The	State	Department:	https://t.co/wWfdaECtVu#VPDebate	#BigLeagueTruth																																									
Use	Of	A	Secret	Server	Put	National	Security	At	Risk:	https://t.co/OiAEMnrGcy	#VPDebate#BigLeagueTruth																																										
WEAK	ON	NORTH	KOREA:https://t.co/8pRednmnFX	#VPDebate																																																	
TIES	TO	PUTIN	DESERVE	SCRUTINY:https://t.co/wPYm5vQoyt	#VPDebate																																																
From	Clinton-Obama	Iran	Nuclear	Deal	Likely	Go	to	Terrorists:https://t.co/lM80JriF9k	#BigLeagueTruth	#VPDebate																																											
wrong	for	defense:	https://t.co/QN9qqoq1kH	#BigLeagueTruth	#VPDebate																																																
I	RAN	A	STATE	THAT	WORKED;	KAINE	RAN	A	STATE	THAT	FAILED.	https://t.co/XuWaueNkH0																																									
the	ANTI-DEFENSE	SENATOR.	#VPDebate	#BigLeagueTruth	https://t.co/qWkvGFARA1																																																
SYRIA	POLICY	WAS	JUDGED	A	FAILURE:https://t.co/ICZxn7Q3vZ	#VPDebate																																															
I	will	defeat	#ISIS.https://t.co/oCIIDwtptV	#VPDebate																																																	
ARE	SAYING	ABOUT	MIKE	PENCE	“DOMINATING”	THE	DEBATE:https://t.co/mUw9S5GgNM	#VPDebate																																													
Mike	-	thank	you	to	all	of	our	law	enforcement	officers!	#VPDebate	Police,officers,are,the,best,of,us...@Mike_Pence																																									
At	Millions	Of	Average	Americans.https://t.co/gEfURjRCfu	#VPDebate	#BigLeagueTruth																																															
unemployment	INCREASE	by	179249	while	@mike_pence	DECREASED	unemployment	in	Indiana	by	113826.…	https://t.co/wFQM8kg287																																									
doing	a	great	job	-	so	far	no	contest!																																													
am	in	Nevada.	Sorry	to	inform	you	Kellyanne	is	in	the	audience.	Better	luck	next	time.																																						
looking	good!	Now	we	begin!																																																	
go	-	Enjoy!																																																			
be	live-tweeting	the	V.P.	Debate.	Very	exciting!	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																											
is	so	negative.	Their	panel	is	a	joke	biased	and	very	dumb.	I'm	turning	to	@FoxNews	where	we	get	a	fair	shake!	Mike	will	do	great																												
you	just	hear	Bill	Clinton's	statement	on	how	bad	ObamaCare	is.	Hillary	not	happy.	As	I	have	been	saying	REPEAL	AND	REPLACE!																																
MOVEMENT!https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm	https://t.co/BS5JLelPJd																																																				
ARIZONA!	This	is	a	MOVEMENT	like	nobody	has	ever	seen	before.	Together	we	are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE…	https://t.co/EwP4hnaeoE																																		
plan	makes	a	difference	for	working	families	-	more	money	more	freedom.	#AmericaFirst	means…	https://t.co/X3Yn3FZphf																																							
be	watching	the	great	Governor	@Mike_Pence	and	live	tweeting	the	VP	debate	tonight	starting	at	8:30pm	est!	Enjoy!																																				
in	Reno	Nevada	tomorrow	at	3:30pm!	#AmericaFirst	#MAGATickets:	https://t.co/DJ7JJUkkz7																																													
in	Reno	Nevada	on	Wednesday	at	3:30pm	at	the	Reno-Sparks	Convention	Center!	#MAGATickets:…	https://t.co/G0NvFLQWgS																																								
Colorado!	#MAGAhttps://t.co/3KWOl20zMmhttps://t.co/M7QhdCgRzw	https://t.co/wIGNtKPA2X																																																			
bring	the	truth	directly	to	hard-working	Americans	who	want	to	take	our	country	back.	#BigLeagueTruth…	https://t.co/0iAeiPYEhO																																						
Pueblo	Colorado!	#TrumpRally	#AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl20zMm	https://t.co/rFAf7xYNhy																																																	
in	Henderson	Nevada	on	Wednesday	at	11:30am!	#MAGA	Tickets:	https://t.co/pWTYv9BbUE																																												
that	Iraq	(U.S.)	is	preparing	for	battle	to	reclaim	Mosul.	Why	do	they	have	to	announce	this?	Makes	mission	much	harder!																																	
I	extend	our	warmest	greetings	to	those	observing	Rosh	Hashanah	here	in	the	United	States	in	Israel	and	around	the	world.																																	
pull	his	endorsement	of	Crooked	Hillary	after	she	decieved	him	and	then	attacked	him	and	his	supporters.																																					
created	tens	of	thousands	of	jobs	and	will	bring	back	great	American	prosperity.	Hillary	has	only	created	jobs	at	the	FBI	and	DOJ!																															
our	complex	tax	laws	better	than	anyone	who	has	ever	run	for	president	and	am	the	only	one	who	can	fix	them.	#failing@nytimes																															
Pennsylvania	for	a	big	rally	tonight.	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																										
saw	the	really	bad	@CNN	ratings.	People	don't	want	to	watch	bad	product	that	only	builds	up	Crooked	Hillary.																																			
Commission	on	Presidential	Debates	admitted	to	us	that	the	DJT	audio	&amp;	sound	level	was	very	bad.	So	why	didn't	they	fix	it?																															
the	debate	if	you	decide	without	watching	the	totally	one-sided	spin	that	followed.	This	despite	the	really	bad	microphone.																																			
is	nasty	to	Sanders	supporters	behind	closed	doors.	Owned	by	Wall	St	and	Politicians	HRC	is	not	with	you.	https://t.co/WN1lyCDXla																																		
in	#AmericaFirst	and	that	means	FAMILY	FIRST!	My	childcare	plan	reflects	the	needs	of	modern	working-clas…	https://t.co/RCnZZtTk4c																																					
Novi	Michigan!	Get	out	and	VOTE	#TrumpPence16	on	11/8.	Together	WE	WILL	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!…	https://t.co/n7Gd6Xc18H																																					
for	your	support	-	on	my	way	now!	See	you	soon.	#TrumpTrain	https://t.co/SYuRpzosb5																																									
in	Pueblo	Colorado	on	Monday	afternoon	at	3pm!	#TrumpRallyhttps://t.co/3P3QZxzSPJ																																													
few	people	knocking	me	for	tweeting	at	three	o'clock	in	the	morning	at	least	you	know	I	will	be	there	awake	to	answer	the	call!																													
Hillary	50	points	ahead?	Maybe	it's	the	email	scandal	policies	that	spread	ISIS	or	calling	millions	of…	https://t.co/yKz9vCz8O1																																				
are	really	smart	in	cancelling	subscriptions	to	the	Dallas	&amp;	Arizona	papers	&amp;	now	USA	Today	will	lose	readers!	The	people	get	it!																															
believe	sources,said	by	the	VERY	dishonest	media.	If	they	don't	name	the	sources	the	sources	don't	exist.																																					
Hillary	help	disgusting	(check	out	sex	tape	and	past)	Alicia	M	become	a	U.S.	citizen	so	she	could	use	her	in	the	debate?																															
M	in	the	debate	as	a	paragon	of	virtue	just	shows	that	Crooked	Hillary	suffers	from	BAD	JUDGEMENT!	Hillary	was	set	up	by	a	con.																													
Hillary	was	duped	and	used	by	my	worst	Miss	U.	Hillary	floated	her	as	an	angel	without	checking	her	past	which	is	terrible!																															
see	a	story	about	me	or	my	campaign	saying	sources,said	DO	NOT	believe	it.	There	are	no	sources	they	are	just	made	up	lies!																														
you	see	how	badly	@CNN	(Clinton	News	Network)	is	doing	in	the	ratings.	With	people	like	@donlemon	who	could	expect	any	more?																																
profits	off	the	rigged	system	I	am	fighting	for	you!	Remember	the	simple	phrase:	#FollowTheMoney…	https://t.co/8mVInc82E9																																						
for	joining	me	this	afternoon	New	Hampshire!	Will	be	back	soon.	#FollowTheMoneySpeech	transcript:…	https://t.co/VtUkDgF4vs																																								
in	Manheim	Pennsylvania	on	Saturday	at	7pm!	#TrumpRallyTickets:	https://t.co/ADOGW34ctF	https://t.co/LNWQZ9yUJy																																												
to	those	involved	in	today's	horrible	accident	in	NJ	and	my	deepest	gratitude	to	all	of	the	amazing	first	responders.																																		
in	Novi	Michigan	this	Friday	at	5:00pm.	Join	the	MOVEMENT!	Tickets	available	at:	https://t.co/Q6APf0ZFYA…	https://t.co/6WAyO9eQHN																																							
in	Bedford	New	Hampshire-	tomorrow	at	3:00pm.	Can't	wait	to	see	everyone!	#AmericaFirst	#MAGA…	https://t.co/oeOJFAS7it																																							
Waukesha	Wisconsin!	Full	transcript	of	my	speech	#FollowTheMoney:https://t.co/Xb1yyDSNNf	https://t.co/WdKK6nJCZW																																													
from	Waukesha	Wisconsin	-	now	live!	Enjoy!																																															
live	in	Waukesha	Wisconsin	for	an	8pmE	rally!	#AmericaFirst	#MAGAhttps://t.co/G8kGLSFy6S																																												
Council	Bluffs	Iowa!	Will	be	back	soon.	Remember-	everything	you	need	to	know	about	Hillary	--	just…	https://t.co/45kIHxdX83																																				
to	meet	with	the	Polish	American	Congress	in	Chicago	this	morning!	#ImWithYou	Video:…	https://t.co/lBFHoWRqox																																								
I	extend	our	deepest	condolences	to	the	family	of	Shimon	Peres...https://t.co/xeGYL2IzUP																																											
in	Council	Bluffs	Iowa-	today	at	3pm!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	Tickets:	https://t.co/iRL3xh37gF																																												
poll	Time	Magazine	Drudge	etc.	has	me	winning	the	debate.	Thank	you	to	Fox	&amp;	Friends	for	so	reporting!																																			
are	the	best!	$18 	million	from	hard-working	people	who	KNOW	what	we	can	be	again!	Shatter	the	record:	https://t.co/8ZHGyOth0f																																			
in	Melbourne	Florida	w/	15000	supporters-	and	an	additional	12000	who	could	not	get	in.	Tha…	https://t.co/VU5wh2zXBU																																					
for	a	3pm	rally	-	tomorrow	at	the	Mid-America	Center	in	Council	Bluffs	Iowa!	Tickets:…	https://t.co/dfzsbICiXc																																						
we	will	have	a	government	of	by	and	for	the	people.	Join	the	MOVEMENT	today!	https://t.co/lWjYDbPHav	https://t.co/uYwJrtZkAe																																					
Campaign	Continues	To	Make	FALSE	Claims	About	Foundation	Disclosure:	https://t.co/zhkEfUouHH																																												
magazine	online	polls	say	Donald	Trump	won	the	first	presidential	debate'	via	@WashTimes.	#MAGAhttps://t.co/PGimqYKPoJ																																								
in	Little	Havana	with	Hispanic	community	leaders.	Thank	you	for	your	support!	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/vxWZ2tyJTF																																								
last	24	hrs.	we	have	raised	over	$13M	from	online	donations	and	National	Call	Day	and	we’re	still	going!	Thank	you	America!	#MAGA																															
they're	saying	that	I	not	only	won	the	NBC	Presidential	Forum	but	last	night	the	big	debate.	Nice!																																				
for	your	endorsement	@GovernorSununu.	#MAGA	https://t.co/8BEeQPsuyd																																																
great	honor.	Final	debate	polls	are	in	-	and	the	MOVEMENT	wins!#AmericaFirst	#MAGA	#ImWithYou…	https://t.co/DV1BKMwHEM																																							
Increased	10.80%	in	2015'	via	@WSJ:	https://t.co/CIJMQJhLqp																																															
#TrumpWon	#MAGA	https://t.co/a5rr1i38km																																																			
failing	for	30	years	in	not	getting	the	job	done	-	it	will	never	change.																																							
billionaire	Donald	Trump	shows	Hillary	Clinton	is	out	of	touch'	https://t.co/NHO1OicfVm																																											
trend	on	Twitter	right	now	is	#TrumpWon	-	thank	you!																																												
every	poll	from	last	nights	Presidential	Debate	-	except	for	the	little	watched	@CNN	poll.																																							
won	over	a	bar	full	of	undecideds	and	Democrats'https://t.co/WWO39kxn8Y																																													
enjoyed	the	debate	last	night.Crooked	Hillary	says	she	is	going	to	do	so	many	things.Why	hasn't	she	done	them	in	her	last	30	years?																														
poll	numbers	-	I	will	be	on	@foxandfriends	at	7:00	to	discuss.	Enjoy!																																									
Four	new	#DebateNight	polls	with	the	MOVEMENT	winning.	Together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	AGAIN…	https://t.co/39FCnUf8Pb																																				
Presidential	Debate	Poll:Trump:	80%Clinton:	20%Join	the	MOVEMENT	today	&amp;	lets	#MAGA!…	https://t.co/B12lgC97tn																																										
CNBC	#DebateNight	poll	with	over	400000	votes.	Trump	61%Clinton	39%#AmericaFirst	#ImWithYou…	https://t.co/MJ3NwA98op																																										
poll	-	over	800000	votes.	Thank	you!	#AmericaFirst	#MAGA	https://t.co/bTPX9E0wKu																																												
said	a,historic,victory,for,Trump.	NICE!																																																			
great	in	the	debate	polls	(except	for	@CNN	-	which	I	don't	watch).	Thank	you!																																							
Governor	@TerryBranstad!	#AmericaFirst	#Debates2016	https://t.co/yIeZctdQy8																																																	
Governor	@Mike_Pence!Lets	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN	with	the	American	people.	#AmericaFirst…	https://t.co/6k7qP9X8nC																																								
Senator	@TedCruz!#Debates2016	#MAGA	https://t.co/cgO6109USJ																																																		
Agreement	Paved	The	Way	For	The	$400 	Million	Ransom	Payment	#DebateNighthttps://t.co/qfZTx6aKYs																																											
emails.	Nothing	on	the	corrupt	Clinton	Foundation.	And	nothing	on	#Benghazi.	#Debates2016	#debatenight																																									
Obama	#ISIS	Strategy	Has	Allowed	It	To	Expand	To	Become	A	Global	Threat	#DebateNight	https://t.co/f7PctDE31L																																							
more	warheads	than	ever	N	Korea	is	testing	nukes	and	Iran	got	a	sweetheart	deal	to	keep	theirs.	Thanks	@HillaryClinton.																																		
failed	all	over	the	world.	❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA	PIVOT❌RUSSIAN	RESET❌BENGHAZI…	https://t.co/OoakXs2rij																																													
is	the	only	candidate	on	stage	who	voted	for	the	Iraq	War.	#Debates2016	#MAGA	https://t.co/Um5WJXEEKr																																							
Campaign	And	Supporters	Trafficked	In	Rumors	About	Obama's	Heritage	#DebateNight	https://t.co/6EEOAaCiNv																																											
stand	with	police	and	protect	ALL	Americans!	#Debates2016	#MAGA	https://t.co/CX4oEWgEMp																																												
the	simple	fact	about	@HillaryClinton:	she	is	a	typical	politician	-	all	talk	no	action.	#Debates2016																																						
TAX	HABIT!	https://t.co/x3FBy8Hdq2																																																			
economy	=	more	taxes	and	more	spending!	#DebateNight	https://t.co/oFlaAhrwe5																																													
been	part	of	the	rigged	DC	system	for	30	years?	Why	would	we	take	policy	advice	from	her?	#Debates2016																																			
driving	jobs	and	wealth	away	AMERICA	will	become	the	world's	great	magnet	for	innovation	and	job	creati…	https://t.co/02NMQn3ZNQ																																				
John	Kerry	on	trade:	she	was	for	bad	trade	deals	before	she	was	against	them.	#TPP	#Debates2016																																					
Obama	policies	increased	debt	by	$9trillion	over	the	last	8	years																																											
Hillary	Clinton	50	points	ahead?#DebateNight	https://t.co/iux7icIkaT																																																
of	deplorables	will	be	managing	my	Twitter	account	for	this	evenings	debate.	Tune	in!#DebateNight	#TrumpPence16																																							
Bloomberg	poll	just	released	-	thank	you!	Join	the	MOVEMENT:	https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW.	#TrumpTrain…	https://t.co/xDGCwYVK0Q																																									
news:	The	great	Arnold	Palmer	the	King	has	died.	There	was	no-one	like	him	-	a	TRUE	champion!	He	will	be	truly	missed.																															
killed	in	Washington	State	by	a	Middle	Eastern	immigrant.	Many	people	died	this	weekend	in	Ohio	from	drug	overdoses.	N.C.	riots!																																	
my	meeting	with	Israeli	Prime	Minister	Benjamin	Netanyahu:https://t.co/VHuyE65hgi	https://t.co/6KDPrQxSED																																													
to	my	meeting	with	Benjamin	Netanyahu	in	Trump	Tower	at	10:00	A.M.																																										
gave	Hillary	the	Dem	nomination	when	he	gave	up	on	the	e-mails.	That	issue	has	only	gotten	bigger!																																				
the	team	and	staff	of	Bernie	Sanders	have	been	treated	badly	by	the	Hillary	Clinton	campaign	-	and	they	like	Trump	on	trade	a	lot!																													
Roanoke	Virginia	-	this	a	MOVEMENT	-	join	us	today!Sign	up:	https://t.co/NQEgRxQN2m#AmericaFirst…	https://t.co/Rz3DkpBQJu																																									
Mark	Cuban	of	failed	Benefactor	fame	wants	to	sit	in	the	front	row	perhaps	I	will	put	Gennifer	Flowers	right	alongside	of	him!																															
back	in	Virginia	tonight-	for	a	6pm	rally	at	the	Berglund	Center	in	Roanoke.	Join	me!	Tickets:…	https://t.co/6pQMSgPWuN																																				
endorsement	was	a	wonderful	surprise.	I	greatly	appreciate	his	support!	We	will	have	a	tremendous	victory	on	November	8th.																																			
the	day!	Knock	on	doors	and	make	calls	with	us	on	National	Day	of	Action!	#TrumpTrain	#MAGA…	https://t.co/4iW06ROvsT																																				
bad	judgement	forced	her	to	announce	that	she	would	go	to	Charlotte	on	Saturday	to	grandstand.	Dem	pols	said	no	way	dumb!																																
in	Roanoke	Virginia	tomorrow	at	the	Berglund	Center-	Coliseum	~	6pm!	Tickets	available	at:…	https://t.co/bnEE6NX41Z																																							
Would	Stimulate	the	U.S.	Economy'https://t.co/jU3HHglnIu																																																	
just	lost	every	Republican	she	ever	had	including	Never	Trump	all	farmers	&amp;	sm.	biz	by	saying	she’ll	tax	estates	at	65%.																																
day!	Knock	on	doors	and	make	calls	with	us	on	National	Day	of	Action!	#TrumpTrain	#MAGA…	https://t.co/05NY0wJHkL																																					
Governor	@PatMcCroryNC	of	North	Carolina	today.	He	is	doing	a	tremendous	job	under	tough	circumstances.																																							
more	than	a	campaign-	it	is	a	movement.	#MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN	UP	TODAY	&amp;	WE	WILL	WIN!	https://t.co/2XBs5SSRC3																																						
in	Roanoke	Virginia	on	Saturday	evening	at	6pm!	#MAGAhttps://t.co/uKG55Pznwu																																													
on	@foxandfriends	now.																																																			
be	interviewed	from	Cleveland	Ohio	on	@seanhannity	-	Tonight	at	10:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																									
Thank	you!																																																				
polls!	Thank	you	Nevada	North	Carolina	&amp;	Ohio.	Join	the	MOVEMENT	today	&amp;	lets	#MAGA!…	https://t.co/Y8Sb8MNyXA																																						
Toledo	Ohio!	It	is	so	important	for	you	to	get	out	and	VOTE	on	November	8	2016!	Lets	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE…	https://t.co/MQdp4GgLIE																																
violence	&amp;	unrest	in	Charlotte	will	come	to	an	immediate	end.	To	those	injured	get	well	soon.	We	need	unity	&amp;	leadership.																																
in	Tulsa	and	Charlotte	are	tragic.	We	must	come	together	to	make	America	safe	again.																																							
a	MOVEMENT	-	not	a	campaign.	Leaving	the	past	behind	changing	our	future.	Together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAF…	https://t.co/Lt2L3NKzyi																																		
Kenansville	North	Carolina!	Remember-	on	November	8th	that	special	interest	gravy	train	is	coming	to	a…	https://t.co/AysJRMzvKw																																					
High	Point	NC!	I	will	fight	for	every	neglected	part	of	this	nation	&amp;	I	will	fight	to	bring	us	together…	https://t.co/DSaUpSptBz																																
is	taking	the	day	off	again	she	needs	the	rest.	Sleep	well	Hillary	-	see	you	at	the	debate!																																			
North	Carolina	for	two	big	rallies.	Will	be	there	soon.	We	will	bring	jobs	back	where	they	belong!																																				
notice	Hillary	is	copying	my	airplane	rallies	-	she	puts	the	plane	behind	her	like	I	have	been	doing	from	the	beginning.																																
Nevada!	#AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/RJqHgq2Rn0																																																		
Georgia!	#AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/y01qpON7h7																																																		
has	been	fighting	ISIS	or	whatever	she	has	been	doing	for	years.	Now	she	has	new	ideas.	It	is	time	for	change.																																
in	Florida	-	this	is	a	MOVEMENT!	Join	us	today	at	https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW.	https://t.co/BF1IqPXNho																																									
will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#ImWithYou	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/XhwUGw0v2H																																												
be	interviewed	on	the	@oreillyfactor	-	tonight	from	Florida	now.	Enjoy!																																											
Chief	On	Presidential	Endorsement:	Clinton	‘Blew	The	Police	Off'	https://t.co/ATBY343pS1																																												
weakness	while	she	was	Secretary	of	State	has	emboldened	terrorists	all	over	the	world..cont:	https://t.co/E5BdTiwlur																																							
someone	we	were	told	is	ok	turns	out	to	be	a	terrorist	who	wants	to	destroy	our	country	&amp;	its	people-	how	did	he	get	thru	system?																											
once	again	by	law	enforcement!	We	are	proud	of	them	and	should	embrace	them	-	without	them	we	don't	have	a	country!																																
on	@foxandfriends	at	7:02	A.M.		Enjoy.																																															
in	NY	NJ	and	MN	this	weekend.	Thinking	of	victims	their	families	and	all	Americans!	We	need	to	be	strong!																																		
leadership	of	Obama	&amp;	Clinton	Americans	have	experienced	more	attacks	at	home	than	victories	abroad.	Time	to	change	the	playbook!																																		
-	to	the	United	States	Air	Force!!	https://t.co/5Gwi1M5R2t																																														
like	to	express	my	warmest	regards	best	wishes	and	condolences	to	all	of	the	families	and	victims	of	the	horrible	bombing	in	NYC.																															
but	never	liked	dopey	Robert	Gates.	Look	at	the	mess	the	U.S.	is	in.	Always	speaks	badly	of	his	many	bosses	including	Obama.																															
Colorado	for	a	big	rally.	Massive	crowd	great	people!	Will	be	there	soon	-	the	polls	are	looking	good.																																			
want	to	sue	the	failing	@nytimes	so	badly	for	irresponsible	intent.	I	said	no	(for	now)	but	they	are	watching.	Really	disgusting																																
@nytimes	has	gone	nuts	that	Crooked	Hillary	is	doing	so	badly.	They	are	willing	to	say	anything	has	become	a	laughingstock	rag!																																
Dowd	the	wacky	columnist	for	the	failing	@nytimes	pretends	she	knows	me	well--wrong!																																									
who	hardly	knows	me	makes	up	things	that	I	never	said	for	her	boring	interviews	and	column.	A	neurotic	dope!																																		
doesn't	get	it	and	that's	why	their	ratings	are	so	low	-	and	getting	worse.	Boring	anti-Trump	panelists	mostly	losers	in	life!																																
met	former	Defense	Secretary	Robert	Gates.	He	knows	nothing	about	me.	But	look	at	the	results	under	his	guidance	-	a	total	disaster!																															
wants	to	take	your	2nd	Amendment	rights	away.	Will	guns	be	taken	from	her	heavily	armed	Secret	Service	detail?	Maybe	not!																																	
and	prayers	go	out	to	the	@PhillyPolice	&amp;	@Penn	police	officers-	in	Philadelphia.	https://t.co/eyC3W1mweY																																								
																																																					
interesting	take	from	@KatiePavlich:	https://t.co/XaM9yEYCHL																																																	
in	Texas	-	have	been	informed	two	@fortworthpd	officers	have	been	shot.	My	thoughts	and	prayers	are	with	them.																																			
Miami	for	Houston	Oklahoma	and	Colorado.	Miami	crowd	was	fantastic!																																												
in	The	Villages-	I	love	you	all.	We	will	#MAGA.	Thank	you	for	the	incredible	support-I	will	not	forget!	https://t.co/5qTDijU3hn																																		
truly	honored	and	grateful	for	receiving	SO	much	support	from	our	American	heroes...https://t.co/S9bvbysiOr	https://t.co/JJQncd3zhf																																								
now	going	to	the	brand	new	Trump	International	Hotel	D.C.	for	a	major	statement.																																								
for	a	great	evening	-	Laconia	New	Hampshire	--	will	be	back	soon!	#AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/QWbYm2lY7B																																							
driving	jobs	and	wealth	away	AMERICA	will	become	the	WORLD'S	great	magnet	for	innovation	&amp;	job	creation!	https://t.co/cvu20ZQSVJ																																				
joining	@jimmyfallon	on	@FallonTonight	at	11:35pmE	tonight.	Enjoy!																																														
be	interviewed	by	@jessebwatters	on	@oreillyfactor	tonight	at	8pm.	Enjoy!																																												
of	economic	plan-	delivered	to	the	Economic	Club	of	New	York.	#MAGA	https://t.co/xiu9AUiSSD	https://t.co/Fsy1diPWjU																																								
@JerryJrFalwell!	https://t.co/jzUQxkW4tB																																																				
to	all	of	our	law	enforcement	officers	-	across	America!	#LESM	#MAGA	https://t.co/Mcbc2JzhN2	https://t.co/4MTmR8kXVb																																								
for	having	me!	I	enjoyed	the	tour	and	spending	time	with	everyone.	See	you	soon.	#MAGA	https://t.co/eNtS7IBPDo																																					
on	@foxandfriends	at	7:00	A.M.	Enjoy!																																																
never	a	fan	of	Colin	Powell	after	his	weak	understanding	of	weapons	of	mass	destruction	in	Iraq	=	disaster.	We	can	do	much	better!																														
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	tomorrow	at	7am.	Enjoy!																																														
out	of	Nevada-	thank	you!	See	you	soon.	#MAGA	#AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/27sR3MjjXc																																											
in	Canton	Ohio-thank	you!	We	are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	Join	us:	https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/4MvwUj9eX9																																						
have	been	interviewed	by	the	very	wonderful	@bishopwtjackson	in	Detroit	last	week	-	tune	in	at	9pmE.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/9ahPnfhQ5N																																			
Ohio!	Just	landed	in	Canton	for	a	rally	at	the	Civic	Center.	Join	me	at	7pm:	https://t.co/s0XVVNyBKf	https://t.co/UtCRxykurW																																				
Florida-	can't	wait	to	see	you	Friday	in	Miami!	Join	me:https://t.co/rsx313493u	https://t.co/JxsWXz05T9																																										
@ATFD17!	#ImWithYouVideo:	https://t.co/z9Yg83VTF4																																																			
Florida	-	thank	you!	#ImWithYou	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/6Odle7j1hd																																															
Ohio	-	see	you	tonight!	https://t.co/0DyHkzzWvj																																																
Crimea	during	the	so-called	Obama	years.	Who	wouldn't	know	this	and	why	does	Obama	get	a	free	pass?																																				
President	Obama	working	instead	of	campaigning	for	Hillary	Clinton?																																													
Rep.	@CynthiaLummis!https://t.co/4S4pnx4Q6r	https://t.co/PLUKlsPXPR																																																			
Rep.	@MarshaBlackburn!https://t.co/vxEk0X4ntS	https://t.co/9gAk0FWqZ8																																																			
@RepReneeEllmers!https://t.co/1DrZpfa6je	https://t.co/rzEw8pQhds																																																				
REFORMS	THAT	WILL	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!Transcript:	https://t.co/rntyxBSb9Jhttps://t.co/5SWmxfVfto	https://t.co/j389Quo4bg																																													
https://t.co/Ne4pI7FyU7																																																					
Clive	Iowa!https://t.co/tuZ35BkD9J																																																				
today!	Together	we	will	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!https://t.co/v40n8RXgti	https://t.co/e3KQfBR2K8																																																
Iowa-	join	me	today	at	noon!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets:	https://t.co/TEY6BbCyxt	https://t.co/QyR2MDYYbZ																																													
in	Clive	Iowa	tomorrow	at	noon!	#AmericaFirst	#MAGATickets:	https://t.co/TEY6BbCyxt	https://t.co/l17uzRPyLs																																												
back	from	Asheville		North	Carolina	where	we	had	a	massive	rally.	The	spirit	of	the	crowd	was	unbelievable.	Thank	you!		#MAGA																															
@TrumpDC	to	thank	all	of	the	tremendous	men	&amp;	women	for	their	hard	work!	https://t.co/oGcJL4N454																																							
on	@CNBC	at	@7:22.	Enjoy!																																																	
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	7:00	A.M.																																															
																																																					
failing	@nytimes	despite	so	much	winning	and	poll	numbers	that	will	soon	put	me	in	first	place	only	writes	dishonest	hits!																																	
just	had	her	47%	moment.	What	a	terrible	thing	she	said	about	so	many	great	Americans!																																						
said	horrible	things	about	my	supporters	and	while	many	of	her	supporters	will	never	vote	for	me	I	still	respect	them	all!																																
that	Republicans	would	allow	themselves	to	be	used	in	a	Clinton	ad.	Lindsey	Graham	Romney	Flake	Sass.	SUPREME	COURT	REMEMBER!																																		
Clinton	was	SO	INSULTING	to	my	supporters	millions	of	amazing	hard	working	people.	I	think	it	will	cost	her	at	the	Polls!																																
in	Missouri	today	with	Melania	for	the	funeral	of	a	wonderful	and	truly	respected	woman	Phyllis	S!																																					
from	Pensacola	Florida	where	the	crowd	was	incredible.																																														
seen	@tonyschwartz	in	many	years	he	hardly	knows	me.	Never	liked	his	style.	Super	lib	Crooked	H	supporter.	Irrelevant	dope!																																		
@tonyschwartz	who	wanted	to	do	a	second	book	with	me	for	years	(I	said	no)	is	now	a	hostile	basket	case	who	feels	jilted!																														
Florida	-	we	are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	Join	us:	https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW.	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/vzKtRxzvwv																																							
delivering	a	major	speech	tonight	-	live	on	@oreillyfactor	at	8:10pm	from	Pensacola	Florida.																																								
Ohio.	Together	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm	https://t.co/n026nE4XIp																																													
to	be	endorsed	by	popular	&amp;	successful	@gov_gilmore	of	VA.	A	state	that	I	very	much	want	to	win-THX	Jim!	https://t.co/x4Y1TAFHvn																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!#AmericaFirst	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/JIlNW7myEN																																																		
Lt.	Governor	of	South	Carolina	who	endorsed	me	beat	failed	@CNN	announcer	Bakari	Sellers	so	badly.	Funny!																																					
failed	@NBC	and	he	is	now	failing	@CNN.																																														
unwatchable.	Their	news	on	me	is	fiction.	Theyare	a	disgrace	to	the	broadcasting	industry	and	an	arm	of	the	Clinton	campaign.																																	
of	me	that	@CNN	just	aired	is	a	total	waste	of	time.	I	don't	even	know	many	of	the	people	who	spoke	about	me.	A	joke!																												
results	from	NBC	on	last	nights	Commander-in-Chief	Forum.	Thank	you!	#ImWithYou	#MAGA	https://t.co/C5ipaxUN7B																																									
Matt	Lauer	that	hurt	Hillary	last	night.	It	was	her	very	dumb	answer	about	emails	&amp;	the	veteran	who	said	she	should	be	in	jail.																													
results	from	last	nights	Commander-in-Chief	Forum.	#AmericaFirst	#TrumpTrain	https://t.co/FxyBL6fO1h																																													
results	-	in	poll	taken	by	NBC.	#AmericaFirst	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/sCOnny1fl3																																												
Mexico	and	the	United	States	would	have	made	wonderful	deals	together	-	where	both	Mexico	and	the	US	would	have	benefitted.																																	
lost	a	brilliant	finance	minister	and	wonderful	man	who	I	know	is	highly	respected	by	President	Peña	Nieto.																																				
answered	email	questions	differently	last	night	than	she	has	in	the	past.	She	is	totally	confused.	Unfit	to	serve	as	#POTUS.																																	
gave	a	disastrous	news	conference	on	the	tarmac	to	make	up	for	poor	performance	last	night.	She's	being	decimated	by	the	media!																																
ABC	News.																																																				
are	in	-	THANK	YOU!																																																	
@GenFlynn	@newtgingrich	on	@foxandfriends																																																		
to	@foxandfriends	for	the	nice	reviews	of	last	night.																																													
America	-	great	#CommanderInChiefForum	polls!	https://t.co/Rcu6KaRGCB																																																
to	our	fantastic	veterans.	The	reviews	and	polls	from	almost	everyone	of	my	Commander-in-Chief	presentation	were	great.	Nice!																																				
Peter	-	if	elected	I	will	think	big	for	our	country	&amp;	never	let	the	American	people	down!	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/6Nwu7EMJ9d																																		
thank	you	Pensacola	FL.	See	you	Friday	at	7pm	--	join	me!https://t.co/JCO7Za78tV	https://t.co/LYmpRyY0Hq																																									
																																																					
leads	Hillary	Clinton	by	19	points	among	military	veteran	voters:	poll'	#AmericaFirst	#MAGAhttps://t.co/5FmxGtLkwt																																									
be	interviewed	on	@oreillyfactor	tonight	at	11pmE	@FoxNews.	Enjoy!																																													
North	Carolina-	get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrump	on	11/8/2016!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/HX2LRYs4Vq																																													
with	military	spouses	in	Virginia-	joined	by	@IvankaTrump	@LaraLeaTrump	@GenFlynn	&amp;	@MayorRGiuliani.	https://t.co/00GNH9nLet																																									
to	all	of	our	amazing	military	families	service	members	and	veterans.	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/RmQJt0Wxcq																																									
in	Pensacola	Florida	this	Friday	at	7pm!	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/L8Ui56dcrJ	https://t.co/0ciDCuoFeO																																												
#VoteTrump	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/SCEq9LqTTj																																																			
never	covered	Hillary’s	massive	“hacking”or	coughing	attack	yet	it	is	#1	trending.	What’s	up?																																								
#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/6v4C8ykDVl																																																				
tribute	to	the	late	great	Phyllis	Schlafly	I	hope	everybody	can	go	out	and	get	her	latest	book	THE	CONSERVATIVE	CASE	FOR	TRUMP.																															
provide	a	red	carpet	stairway	from	Air	Force	One	and	then	Philippines	President	calls	Obama	the,son,of,a,whore.	Terrible!																																					
great	Phyllis	Schlafly	who	honored	me	with	her	strong	endorsement	for	president	has	passed	away	at	92	She	was	very	special!																																	
Ohio!	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/p68GAJdhwu																																																			
Youngstown	Ohio	now-	some	great	polls.	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/cGwDLSOFUt																																														
American	Legion	Post	610-	for	hosting	@Mike_Pence	&amp;	I	for	a	roundtable	with	labor	leaders.	#LaborDay	#MAGA	https://t.co/r0cwJlV38L																																				
https://t.co/RNl7cfzkmN	https://t.co/ZqRtbV4KRI																																																				
believe	that	the	Chinese	would	not	give	Obama	the	proper	stairway	to	get	off	his	plane	-	fight	on	tarmac!	https://t.co/FAldS5zZi5																																	
&amp;	Putin	fail	to	reach	deal	on	Syria	-	so	what	else	is	new?	Obama	is	not	a	natural	deal	maker.	Only	makes	bad	deals!																													
Clinton	told	the	FBI	that	she	did	not	know	the	C	markings	on	documents	stood	for	CLASSIFIED.	How	can	this	be	happening?																																
African-American	community:	The	Democrats	have	failed	you	for	fifty	years	high	crime	poor	schools	no	jobs.	I	will	fix	it	VOTE	T																																
are	close	so	Crooked	Hillary	is	getting	out	of	bed	and	will	campaign	tomorrow.Why	did	she	hammer	13	devices	and	acid-wash	e-mails?																																
State	of	Arizona	where	I	just	had	a	massive	rally	(amazing	people)	has	a	very	weak	and	ineffective	Senator	Jeff	Flake.	Sad!																																
Party	needs	strong	and	committed	leaders	not	weak	people	such	as	@JeffFlake	if	it	is	going	to	stop	illegal	immigration.																																		
V.P.	pick	said	this	morning	that	I	was	not	aware	that	Russia	took	over	Crimea.	A	total	lie	-	and	taken	over	during	O	term!																													
failing	@nytimes	has	not	reported	properly	on	Crooked's	FBI	release.	They	are	at	the	back	of	the	pack	-	no	longer	a	credible	source																														
so	disgusting	in	their	bias	but	they	are	having	a	hard	time	promoting	Crooked	Hillary	in	light	of	the	new	e-mail	scandals.																																
to	Detroit	church	fantastic	reception	and	all	@CNN	talks	about	is	a	small	protest	outside.	Inside	a	large	and	wonderful	crowd!																																	
returning	to	the	Pensacola	Bay	Center	in	Florida-	Friday	9/9/16	at	7pm.	Join	me!	https://t.co/L8Ui56dcrJ	https://t.co/wAePlfS0JL																																						
Great	Faith	Ministries	International	Bishop	Wayne	T.	Jackson	and	Detroit!https://t.co/4Ucx678ZCC																																												
																																																					
https://t.co/Gtl7DyQkzt																																																					
poll	Iowa	-	thank	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/7hupah1RQN																																															
our	Trump	Tower	campaign	headquarters	last	night	after	returning	from	Ohio	and	Arizona	and	it	was	packed	with	great	pros	-	WIN!																																
be	very	surprised	by	our	ground	game	on	Nov.	8	We	have	an	army	of	volunteers	and	people	with	GREAT	SPIRIT!	They	want	to	#MAGA!																													
that	crazy	and	very	dumb	@morningmika	had	a	mental	breakdown	while	talking	about	me	on	the	low	ratings	@Morning_Joe.	Joe	a	mess!																																
be	interviewed	by	@ericbolling	tonight	at	8pm	on	the	@oreillyfactor.	Enjoy!																																											
promising	you	a	new	legacy	for	America.	We're	going	to	create	a	new	American	future.	Thank	you	OHIO!	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/TUgccsxvoy																																		
for	having	me	this	morning	@AmericanLegion.	I	enjoyed	my	time	with	everyone!	#ALConvention2016	https://t.co/19TZEi6EbB																																								
way	up	-	making	big	progress!																																																
to	@foxandfriends	for	the	great	review	of	the	speech	on	immigration	last	night.	Thank	you	also	to	the	great	people	of	Arizona!																																
pay	for	the	wall!																																																		
Trump	administration	it's	called	#AmericaFirst!	#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/QfHfCQg0Wa																																																
doesn't	have	the	strength	or	the	stamina	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/G1MuLrjhW9																																									
be	no	amnesty!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/vVhzSdCblA																																																		
pay	for	the	wall	-	100%!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/pSFuPZz0xP																																															
in	Arizona!	#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/MT3wW61YS5																																																			
to	Mexico	today		-	wonderful	leadership	and	high	quality	people!	Look	forward	to	our	next	meeting.																																					
didn't	go	to	Louisiana	and	now	she	didn't	go	to	Mexico.	She	doesn't	have	the	drive	or	stamina	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																															
Vicente	Fox	who	is	railing	against	my	visit	to	Mexico	today	also	invited	me	when	he	apologized	for	using	the	f,bomb.																																	
Washington!	Together	WE	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#ImWithYou	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/CWDQnISYH4																																									
accepted	the	invitation	of	President	Enrique	Pena	Nieto	of	Mexico	and	look	very	much	forward	to	meeting	him	tomorrow.																																			
North	Carolina!	#MAGA	https://t.co/1oWrFnHe0u																																																		
America!	#MAGAhttps://t.co/FljBVvbwKr	https://t.co/ePJW9jLckM																																																			
one	I	said	that	I	was	going	to	build	a	great	wall	on	the	SOUTHERN	BORDER	and	much	more.	Stop	illegal	immigration.	Watch	Wednesday!																														
this	Thursday	in	Wilmington	Ohio	at	noon!	#ImWithYouTickets:	https://t.co/66bfVtIwf1	https://t.co/fDAJl5wVGe																																												
this	Wednesday	in	Phoenix	Arizona	at	6pm!	#ImWithYouTickets:	https://t.co/1jATILh2k7	https://t.co/VwKnxo1TNQ																																												
https://t.co/IoYMdjvWHf																																																					
repeal	and	replace	the	horrible	disaster	known	as	#Obamacare!	https://t.co/YzRTPrqrNC																																												
																																																					
African-Americans	are	seeing	what	a	bad	job	Hillary	type	policy	and	management	has	done	to	the	inner-cities	they	want	TRUMP!																																		
brainpower	is	highly	overrated.Probably	why	her	decision	making	is	so	bad	or	as	stated	by	Bernie	S	she	has	BAD	JUDGEMENT																																	
know	that	Crooked	Hillary	who	tried	so	hard	was	unable	to	pass	the	Bar	Exams	in	Washington	D.C.	She	was	forced	to	go	elsewhere																														
is	reaching	record	levels.	African-Americans	will	vote	for	Trump	because	they	know	I	will	stop	the	slaughter	going	on!																																			
bad	it	is	getting!	How	much	more	crime	how	many	more	shootings	will	it	take	for	African-Americans	and	Latinos	to	vote	Trump=SAFE!																																
be	making	a	major	speech	on	ILLEGAL	IMMIGRATION	on	Wednesday	in	the	GREAT	State	of	Arizona.	Big	crowds	looking	for	a	larger	venue.																															
that	both	candidates	Crooked	Hillary	and	myself	should	release	detailed	medical	records.	I	have	no	problem	in	doing	so!	Hillary?																																		
the	53rd	anniversary	of	the	March	on	Washington	-	today	we	honor	the	enduring	fight	for	justice	equality	and	opportunity.																																		
Arizona!	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/v8VLxdd0fO																																																			
Tuesday	in	Everett	Washington	at	the	Xfinity	Arena!	Tickets:	https://t.co/ABQGySdcYt	https://t.co/sn08gnd0lq																																											
January	2009	=	$10.60 	TRILLIONAugust	2016	=	$19.40 	TRILLION	https://t.co/dKAVaLfGAJ																																												
an	honor	to	have	the	amazing	Root	family	join	me	in	Iowa.	I	have	been	so	inspired	by	their	courage	&amp;	bravery.	https://t.co/P4qVGGUYVZ																															
Iowa!	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/3BIF6jBTkk																																																			
in	Iowa	to	attend	a	great	event	in	honor	of	wonderful	Senator	@JoniErnst.	Look	forward	to	being	with	all	of	my	friends.																																
to	Dwyane	Wade	and	his	family	on	the	loss	of	Nykea	Aldridge.	They	are	in	my	thoughts	and	prayers.																																			
cousin	was	just	shot	and	killed	walking	her	baby	in	Chicago.	Just	what	I	have	been	saying.	African-Americans	will	VOTE	TRUMP!																																	
are	taking	over	our	children	and	others	in	the	MIDWEST.	Coming	in	from	our	southern	border.	We	need	strong	border	&amp;	WALL!																																
-	join	the	MOVEMENT	today.https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/numII7W99T																																															
via	our	new	#AmericaFirst	APP!	#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/FccLQSCkDY	https://t.co/0angXB2BrI																																														
in	Phoenix	Arizona	on	Wednesday.	Changing	venue	to	much	larger	one.	Demand	is	unreal.	Polls	looking	great!	#ImWithYou																																				
@TeamTrump	Florida.	Keep	me	updated	and	lets	get	those	100000	registered	voters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain		https://t.co/lseAAqxjA9																																								
be	interviewed	by	@kimguilfoyle	at	7pm	on	@FoxNews.	#Enjoy!																																													
slide	lists	Hillary	Clinton	as	insider	threat:	https://t.co/CQTSo2ETJF																																														
‘Trumpocrats’:	Lifelong	Democrats	Breaking	w/	Party	Over	Hillary	to	Support	Donald	Trump	for	President:	https://t.co/g2N3JJWV8a																																							
https://t.co/D0MeBJXBwN																																																					
people	forget	that	Crooked	Hillary	called	African-American	youth	SUPER,PREDATORS	-	Has	she	apologized?																																									
very	proud	to	have	brought	the	subject	of	illegal	immigration	back	into	the	discussion.	Such	a	big	problem	for	our	country-I	will	solve																															
was	attacked	viciously	and	unfairly	on	@MSNBC	by	crazy	@morningmika	on	low	ratings	@Morning_Joe.	Apologize!																																							
African-Americans	and	Hispanics	have	to	lose	by	going	with	me.	Look	at	the	poverty	crime	and	educational	statistics.	I	will	fix	it!																																
will	NEVER	be	able	to	solve	the	problems	of	poverty	education	and	safety	within	the	African-American	&amp;	Hispanic	communities																																			
are	the	real	predators...https://t.co/Fr0gFtZVVz																																																		
https://t.co/MJQp0rcnzH																																																					
AND	HER	SABOTAGE	OF	THE	INNER	CITIES.	Full	speech	transcript:	https://t.co/npswT6lbg3																																											
only	knows	how	to	make	a	speech	when	it	is	a	hit	on	me.	No	policy	and	always	very	short	(stamina).	Media	gives	her	a	pass!																												
using	the	oldest	play	in	the	Dem	playbook-	when	their	policies	fail	they	are	left	w/this	one	tired	argument!https://t.co/FNbCMmwLTn																																			
is	using	race-baiting	to	try	to	get	African-American	voters-	but	they	know	she	is	all	talk	and	NO	ACTION!																																			
short	speech	is	pandering	to	the	worst	instincts	in	our	society.	She	should	be	ashamed	of	herself!																																					
recap	of	#CrookedHillary's	speech.	Very	short	and	lies.	She	is	the	only	one	fear-mongering!																																								
in	the	African-American	community	are	doing	so	badly	poverty	and	crime	way	up	employment	and	jobs	way	down:	I	will	fix	it	promise																															
are	starting	to	look	very	good.	Leading	in	Florida	@CNN	Arizona	and	big	jump	in	Utah.	All	numbers	rising	national	way	up.	Wow!																															
prayers	to	the	great	people	of	Indiana.	You	will	prevail!																																												
@Mike_Pence	is	in	Indiana	to	help	lead	the	relief	efforts	after	tornadoes	struck.	TRUE	leadership.																																							
on	#Hannity	@	10pE	@FoxNews-	discussing	various	subjects	including	immigration-if	elected	we	will	#BuildTheWall	&amp;	enforce	our	laws!																																				
for	your	support!#AmericaFirst	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/N8FShwYt2g																																																	
afternoon	in	Tampa	Florida.	Thank	you!	#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/K5MBAcnfR1																																														
poll	released.	Join	the	MOVEMENT	&amp;	together	we	will	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/rnU1fkn274																																										
poll	Florida	-	thank	you!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/7TKpe388Bc																																															
not	let	the	families	of	The	Remembrance	Project	down!	#MakeAmericaSafeAgainhttps://t.co/EMuSftG6RPhttps://t.co/FHPR44WixX																																												
and	prayers	are	with	the	victims	and	families	of	those	affected	by	two	powerful	earthquakes	in	Italy	and	Myanmar.																																			
Travis	County	Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/ZBnYzNb0eo																																																		
participating	in	a	Town	Hall	tonight	on	@SeanHannity	at	10pmE	from	Austin	Texas.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/8ZBneb0pGk																																							
Texas	with	some	of	our	amazing	Border	Patrol	Agents.	I	will	not	let	them	down!	https://t.co/U28HNPtjm9	https://t.co/7ImVH69fNb																																					
in	Tampa	Florida-	tomorrow	at	1pmE!	Tickets:	https://t.co/iwEAiWKgtR	https://t.co/lLyaW6nxsP																																													
should	have	gone	to	Louisiana	days	ago	instead	of	golfing.	Too	little	too	late!																																								
strongly	stated		that	there	was	absolutely,no,connection	between	her	private	work	and	that	of	The	State	Department.	LIE!																																				
being	reported	by	virtually	everyone	and	is	a	fact		that	the	media	pile	on	against	me	is	the	worst	in	American	political	history!																														
now	in	Texas	doing	a	big	fundraiser	for	the	Republican	Party	and	a	@FoxNews	Special	on	the	BORDER	and	with	victims	of	border	crime!																														
quickly	put	together	a	hit	job	book	on	me-	comprised	of	copies	of	some	of	their	inaccurate	stories.	Don't	buy	boring!																																	
book	'In	Trump	We	Trust	comes	out	tomorrow.	People	are	saying	it's	terrific	-	knowing	Ann	I	am	sure	it	is!																																	
Akron	Ohio	after	a	packed	rally.	Amazing	people!	Going	now	to	Texas.																																										
with	active	&amp;	retired	law	enforcement	officers-	at	the	Fraternal	Order	of	Police	lodge	in	Akron	Ohio.	https://t.co/EUWhDC644R																																				
Clinton	Foundation:https://t.co/2twuzrB9om																																																				
interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	8:30	A.M.	Eastern.	ENJOY!																																														
when	things	calm	down	I'll	tell	the	real	story	of	@JoeNBC	and	his	very	insecure	long-time	girlfriend	@morningmika.	Two	clowns!																																		
low-rated	@Morning_Joe	this	morning		unwatchable!	@morningmika	is	off	the	wall	a	neurotic	and	not	very	bright	mess!																																				
that	@Morning_Joe	was	very	nice	on	Friday	but	that	little	Donny	D	a	big	failure	in	TV	(&amp;	someone	I	helped)	was	nasty.	Irrelevant!																														
is	flooding	the	airwaves	with	FALSE	and	misleading	ads	-	all	paid	for	by	her	bosses	on	Wall	Street.	Media	is	protecting	her!																															
been	drawing	very	big	and	enthusiastic	crowds	but	the	media	refuses	to	show	or	discuss	them.	Something	very	big	is	happening!																																	
are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/pUtN4kFhDK																																													
bring	America	together	as	ONE	country	again	–	united	as	Americans	in	common	purpose	and	common	dreams.	#MAGA																																				
back	soon	Virginia.	We	are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/IU4JPSi0rZ																																									
interviewed	on	@JudgeJeanine	at	9:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																															
Virginia	-	really	big	crowd	great	enthusiasm!																																															
@JerryJrFalwell-	will	see	you	soon.	#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/epfSJckcKq																																															
@SamaritansPurse-	so	humbled	by	my	time	w/	you.	You	are	in	our	thoughts	&amp;	prayers.	https://t.co/I6xGsEzlwv																																						
one	nation.	When	one	hurts	we	all	hurt.	We	must	all	work	together-to	lift	each	other	up.#StandWithLouisiana	https://t.co/Ob7J2oBWhq																																				
																																																					
Michigan.	This	is	a	MOVEMENT.	We	are	going	to	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/vP3eqF3Zbb																																					
by	@EricTrump	on	interview	with	@BillHemmer	on	@FoxNews.	#ImWithYou	#TrumpTrain																																												
to	everyone	for	all	of	the	nice	comments	by	Twitter	pundits	and	otherwise	for	my	speech	last	night.																																				
at	the	failing	@nytimes	gets	worse	and	worse	by	the	day.	Fortunately	it	is	a	dying	newspaper.																																					
to	NC	for	last	evenings	great	reception.	The	speech	was	a	great	success.	Heading	now	to	Louisiana	&amp;	another	speech	tonight	in	MI.																															
one	nation.	When	one	state	hurts	we	all	hurt.	We	must	all	work	together	-	to	lift	each	other	up.	https://t.co/XoDkW5X3Wy																																	
Charlotte	North	Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/Y19nUKkYTc																																																		
will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/aENuIvrUrS																																																
https://t.co/v8J0r64J7h																																																					
soon	be	calling	me	MR.	BREXIT!																																																
be	doing	a	Town	Hall	tonight	at	10:00	P.M.	on	@seanhannity	-	@FoxNews																																									
participating	in	a	town	hall	event-	hosted	by	@SeanHannity	tonight	at	10pmE	on	@FoxNews.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/7nReqYM7FF																																						
going	to	make	this	a	government	of	the	people	once	again!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/Fi7yEb2XQb																																										
repeal	&amp;	replace	#Obamacare	which	has	caused	soaring	double-digit	premium	increases.	It	is	a	disaster!	https://t.co/NNMyTJo6i6																																						
for	Hillary	Clinton	is	a	vote	for	another	generation	of	poverty	high	crime	&amp;	lost	opportunities.	#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/Eph6qy7zyB																																					
																																																					
Governor	@ScottWalker	&amp;	@GOP	Chairman	@Reince	Priebus.	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/IdJBuaKMwK																																													
in	North	Carolina	-	tomorrow	at	7:30pm!	#ImWithYou	Tickets:	https://t.co/vDag45zrDc																																												
https://t.co/AIa2Z9po2h	https://t.co/qqSfOfgdap																																																				
https://t.co/YlATGI2Ph6																																																					
on	@SeanHannity	tonight	at	10pmE	-	delivering	an	important	speech	live	from	Wisconsin.	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																								
we	won	the	Cold	War	in	part	by	exposing	the	evils	of	communism	and	the	virtues	of	free	markets....Cont:	https://t.co/SXp7efXEZU																																		
my	pledge	to	the	American	people:	https://t.co/Jb21oyNfxt																																															
a	2-point	race	Clinton	38%	Trump	36%'	https://t.co/EzDzJ4EzIN																																														
insurer	is	pulling	back	due	to	'persistent	financial	losses	on	#Obamacare	plans.'	Only	the	beginning!	https://t.co/YqfaEvg8c3																																						
																																																					
																																																					
																																																					
who	have	lost	to	me	would	rather	save	face	by	fighting	me	than	see	the	U.S.Supreme	Court	get	proper	appointments.	Sad!																																	
the	chant.	I	always	do	-	trade	jobs	military	vets	2nd	A	repeal	Ocare	borders	etc	-	but	media	misrepresents!																																		
always	been	the	same	person-remain	TRUE	to	self.The	media	wants	me	to	change	but	it	would	be	very	dishonest	to	supporters	to	do	so!																														
not	freedom,of,the,press	when	newspapers	and	others	are	allowed	to	say	and	write	whatever	they	want	even	if	it	is	completely	false!																																	
not	only	fighting	Crooked	Hillary	I	am	fighting	the	dishonest	and	corrupt	media	and	her	government	protection	process.	People	get	it!																																	
Clinton	is	being	protected	by	the	media.	She	is	not	a	talented	person	or	politician.	The	dishonest	media	refuses	to	expose!																																	
are	not	covered	properly	by	the	media.	They	never	discuss	the	real	message	and	never	show	crowd	size	or	enthusiasm.																																		
disgusting	and	corrupt	media	covered	me	honestly	and	didn't	put	FALSE	meaning	into	the	words	I	say	I	would	be	beating	Hillary	by	20%																														
@nytimes	which	never	spoke	to	me	keeps	saying	that	I	am	saying	to	advisers	that	I	will	change.	FALSE	I	am	who	I	am-never	said																													
@nytimes	talks	about	anonymous	sources	and	meetings	that	never	happened.	Their	reporting	is	fiction.	The	media	protects	Hillary!																																				
have	confirmation	as	to	one	reason	Crooked	H	wanted	to	be	sure	that	nobody	saw	her	e-mails	-	PAY-FOR-PLAY.	How	can	she	run	for	Pres.																													
truly	enjoying	myself	while	running	for	president.	The	people	of	our	country	are	amazing	-	great	numbers	on	November	8th!																																		
@nytimes	has	become	a	newspaper	of	fiction.	Their	stories	about	me	always	quote	non-existent	unnamed	sources.	Very	dishonest!																																				
on	@seanhannity	tonight	at	10pm	hosted	by	@GovMikeHuckabee.	Enjoy!																																													
Erie	Pennsylvania!	Together	we	will	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/5hZp7PnRoT																																															
in	Florida	last	night	-	thank	you!	#MAGA	https://t.co/WNDAagFRRS																																													
your	support	to	get	to	the	White	House	and	defeat	#CrookedHillary.	Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/AKIHQW4ljd																																					
and	special	interests	are	absolutely	killing	our	country.	We	must	put	#AmericaFirst.	https://t.co/mjTScP4sZ2																																									
YOU.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/vzZZ6M5K9t																																							
YOU!	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/xI4qjds5fP																																							
and	special	interests	are	absolutely	killing	our	country.		We	must	put	#AmericaFirst.	https://t.co/R751UfHQ0A																																								
tremendous	strength	during	Hillary	Clinton's	term	as	Secretary	of	State.	When	will	the	dishonest	media	report	the	facts!																																				
watching	these	poor	pathetic	people	(pundits)	on	television	working	so	hard	and	so	seriously	to	try	and	figure	me	out.	They	can't!																																
tax	increase	will	be	necessary	to	fund	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton's	agenda.	What	a	terrible	(and	boring)	rollout	that	was	yesterday!																																		
@CNN	reports	so	seriously	that	I	call	President	Obama	(and	Clinton)	the,founder	of	ISIS	&amp;	MVP.	THEY	DON'T	GET	SARCASM?																																		
YOU.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/uHiGJ6Pe3E																																							
counting	on	your	help	to	defeat	Hillary	Clinton	and	her	cronies.	Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/fSKOf0Jz9K																																					
doing	@oreillyfactor	tonight	at	8pm.	Enjoy!																																																
no	surprise.	Constant	phony	reporting	from	failing	@CNN	turns	everyone	off.	The	American	people	get	it!	https://t.co/a1A6XMfYx1																																					
Fort	Lauderdale	Florida.	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/cjivzdRpU1																																																	
today	by	the	NYPD	in	protecting	the	people	and	saving	the	climber.																																										
announced	that	Secret	Service	never	spoke	to	me	or	my	campaign.	Made	up	story	by	@CNN	is	a	hoax.	Totally	dishonest.																																	
																																																					
Abingdon	Virginia!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/g7ivluiyF2	https://t.co/RQUKD6sjno																																																	
meeting	or	conversation	ever	happened	-	a	made	up	story	by	low,ratings	@CNN.																																									
w/	coal	miners	&amp;	leaders	from	the	Virginia	coal	industry-	thank	you!	#MAGAhttps://t.co/wnpVlq6oe4	https://t.co/32gdX684ew																																								
be	interviewed	on	@greta	tonight	at	7pm.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/9yicUxd87D																																													
and	prayers	are	with	the	two	police	officers	shot	in	Sebastian	County	Arkansas.	#LESM																																								
weakness	is	its	low	ratings.	I	don't	watch	anymore	but	I	heard	he	went	wild	against	Rudy	Giuliani	and	#2A	-	sad	&amp;	irrelevant!																														
You	were	fantastic	in	defending	both	the	Second	Amendment	and	me	last	night	on	@CNN.	Don	Lemon	is	a	lightweight	-	dumb	as	a	rock																													
to	distract	from	Clinton's	anti-2A	stance.	I	said	pro-2A	citizens	must	organize	and	get	out	vote	to	save	our	Constitution!																																		
the	media	going	to	talk	about	Hillary's	policies	that	have	gotten	people	killed	like	Libya	open	borders	and	maybe	her	emails?																																	
Senator	@ChuckGrassley!	#TrumpPence16https://t.co/YmdH3fcaeW																																																			
@SenatorFischer!	#TrumpPence16https://t.co/RMtU6aRZTQ																																																				
Wilmington	North	Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/ZnnaSPF5or																																																		
for	your	chance	to	have	a	private	lunch	with	Eric	Trump	&amp;	tour	of	campaign	HQ	at	Trump	Tower	in	NYC.	https://t.co/RBLII8rIfo																																
for	your	chance	to	have	a	private	lunch	with	Eric	Trump	&amp;	tour	of	campaign	HQ	at	Trump	Tower	in	NYC.	https://t.co/fwU0jMcB1m																																
for	your	chance	to	have	a	private	lunch	with	Eric	Trump	&amp;	tour	of	campaign	HQ	at	Trump	Tower	in	NYC.	https://t.co/szAygwbchK																																
for	your	chance	to	have	a	private	lunch	with	Eric	Trump	&amp;	tour	of	campaign	HQ	at	Trump	Tower	in	NYC.	https://t.co/J3NzuVpruI																																
for	your	chance	to	have	a	private	lunch	with	Eric	Trump	&amp;	tour	of	campaign	HQ	at	Trump	Tower	in	NYC.		https://t.co/4ccXAY5ZNo																															
for	your	chance	to	have	a	private	lunch	with	Eric	Trump	&amp;	tour	of	campaign	HQ	at	Trump	Tower	in	NYC.	https://t.co/dDA0CZWdYF																																
running	against	the	Washington	insiders	just	like	I	did	in	the	Republican	Primaries.	These	are	the	people	that	have	made	U.S.	a	mess!																															
interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	now!																																																		
Detroit	today	was	wonderful.	Quick	stop	in	Ohio	to	meet	with	some	of	our	great	supporters.	Just	got	back	home!																																		
Clinton	promised	200000	jobs	in	Upstate	New	York	-	her	efforts	fell	flat.'	https://t.co/I2WqZb5N8P	https://t.co/i5S3mtJWpe																																							
are	saying	that	the	Iranians	killed	the	scientist	who	helped	the	U.S.	because	of	Hillary	Clinton's	hacked	emails.																																				
Newt!		https://t.co/Acg0hMvrpr																																																			
Congressman	Steven	Palazzo!	https://t.co/R5Z4CGfjqJ	https://t.co/XGSIJJQiGJ																																																	
Senator	David	Perdue!https://t.co/d0dCUZ20jf	https://t.co/LmfiGByFPb																																																		
@RepLouBarletta!https://t.co/bre8u93vac	https://t.co/eKtSXUw51R																																																				
@NFIB-	together	we	will	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!		https://t.co/wQQIHQKsdK																																															
	https://t.co/4p0hzpkVWF																																																				
Alex!		https://t.co/c2uIa7mndP																																																			
policy	speech	will	be	carried	live	at	12:15	P.M.	Enjoy!																																												
in	Fayetteville	North	Carolina	tomorrow	evening	at	6pm.	Tickets	now	available	at:	https://t.co/Z80d4MYIg8																																									
https://t.co/ia7rKBmioA																																																					
the	lightweight	former	Acting	Director	of	C.I.A.	and	a	man	who	has	made	serious	bad	calls	is	a	total	Clinton	flunky!																																	
is	going	crazy.	They	totally	distort	so	many	things	on	purpose.	Crimea	nuclear	the,baby	and	so	much	more.	Very	dishonest!																																		
where	Mayor	Stephanie	Rawlings-Blake	of	Baltimore	is	pushing	Crooked	hard.	Look	at	the	job	she	has	done	in	Baltimore.	She	is	a	joke!																															
Windham	New	Hampshire!	#TrumpPence16	#MAGA	https://t.co/ZL4Q01Q49s																																																
'Donald	Trump	Is	the	middle-class	growth	candidate'https://t.co/YbqkhWNm0g																																															
not	just	running	against	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	I	am	running	against	the	very	dishonest	and	totally	biased	media	-	but	I	will	win!																															
not	fit	to	be	our	next	president!	#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/I0zJO2sZKk																																													
New	Hampshire	-	will	be	talking	about	Hillary	saying	her	brain	SHORT	CIRCUITED	and	other	things!																																						
signed	copies	of	my	book	The,Art,of,the,Deal	for	your	donation	of	$184 	or	more.	Get	YOURS	today!	https://t.co/wzsE7SoGUG																																					
signed	copies	of	my	book	The,Art,of,the,Deal	for	your	donation	of	$184 	or	more.	Get	YOURS	today!	https://t.co/pvNwKWlFy1																																					
mind	SHORT,CIRCUITS	is	not	fit	to	be	our	president!	Look	up	the	word	BRAINWASHED.																																								
said	loudly	and	for	the	world	to	see	that	she	SHORT,CIRCUITED	when	answering	a	question	on	her	e-mails.	Very	dangerous!																																		
is	being	badly	criticized	for	her	poor	performance	in	answering	questions.	Let	us	all	see	what	happens!																																					
#TeamUSA#OpeningCeremony	#Rio2016	https://t.co/mS8qsQpJPh																																																			
right	about	violent	crime:	It’s	on	the	rise	in	major	cities'https://t.co/XbnZ5vktGk																																											
Green	Bay	Wisconsin!	Governor	@Mike_Pence	and	I	will	be	back	soon.	#TrumpPence16	#MAGA	https://t.co/qsYbyrm3UR																																								
HILLARY	CLINTON	DO	IT	AGAIN!#TrumpPence16https://t.co/1mGkPNZPKF																																																	
Des	Moines	Iowa!	Governor	@Mike_Pence	and	I	appreciate	your	support!	#MAGA	#TrumpTrain	https://t.co/gr6tGqqmcm																																									
and	special	interests	are	absolutely	killing	our	country.	We	must	put	#AmericaFirst.		https://t.co/Q96e1Npa5d																																								
YOU!	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/XT3U5mY0oc																																							
I	WILL	fix	this	rigged	system	and	only	answer	to	YOU	the	American	people!	https://t.co/r1ySXDJ1Wq																																							
																																																					
I	WILL	fix	this	rigged	system	and	only	answer	to	YOU	the	American	people!	https://t.co/pteWtMjXVO																																							
and	special	interests	are	absolutely	killing	our	country.	We	must	put	#AmericaFirst.	https://t.co/IBt9JpYh7p																																									
YOU.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/DGMxQYUm7s																																							
your	support	to	get	to	the	White	House	and	defeat	#CrookedHillary.	Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/bwxirLtPXY																																					
I	WILL	fix	this	rigged	system	and	only	answer	to	YOU	the	American	people!	https://t.co/4GWAHgf8us																																							
and	special	interests	are	absolutely	killing	our	country.	We	must	put	#AmericaFirst.	https://t.co/XcqwGHAUue																																									
YOU.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/NTDm6xfREg																																							
your	support	to	get	to	the	White	House	and	defeat	#CrookedHillary.		Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/FgPFo1NWiC																																				
counting	on	your	help	to	defeat	Hillary	Clinton	and	her	cronies.	Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!		https://t.co/c7Ekrgn9jx																																				
I	WILL	fix	this	rigged	system	and	only	answer	to	YOU	the	American	people!	https://t.co/laUdwGO1aX																																							
and	special	interests	are	absolutely	killing	our	country.	We	must	put	#AmericaFirst.	https://t.co/GMYEWngo2y																																									
your	support	to	get	to	the	White	House	and	defeat	#CrookedHillary.		Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/u2WQondgqm																																				
YOU.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/k1ZvNC3YAC																																							
counting	on	your	help	to	defeat	Hillary	Clinton	and	her	cronies.	Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/0KL9McborU																																					
I	WILL	fix	this	rigged	system	and	only	answer	to	YOU	the	American	people!	https://t.co/98Vtqu4i7n																																							
and	special	interests	are	absolutely	killing	our	country.	We	must	put	#AmericaFirst.		https://t.co/jMgAETgW6U																																								
your	support	to	get	to	the	White	House	and	defeat	#CrookedHillary.		Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/J7ICZN3Bus																																				
YOU.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/Eb6jr4nbj3																																							
YOU.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/im2J6xXq1u																																							
YOU.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!		https://t.co/wotYvx6Prz																																						
counting	on	your	help	to	defeat	Hillary	Clinton	and	her	cronies.	Let's	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/z3pzKBfP0U																																					
has	bad	judgment	and	is	unfit	to	serve	as	President.https://t.co/3EzG620fpT																																												
I	saw	on	television	was	the	hostage	plane	in	Geneva	Switzerland	not	the	plane	carrying	$400 	million	in	cash	going	to	Iran!																																
refuses	to	answer	question	about	Iran	terror	funding.		I	won't	dodge	questions	as	your	President.	https://t.co/jsAMGO3s4P																																					
judgment	gave	us	ISIS	rise	of	Iran	and	the	worst	economic	numbers	since	the	Great	Depression!																																						
should	ask	the	DNC	about	how	they	rigged	the	election	against	Bernie.																																										
tomorrow	w/	Gov.	@Mike_Pence	Iowa	&amp;	Wisconsin!	3pm-	https://t.co/3Hcnzj0Slx7pm-	https://t.co/sEwLWkn1Sz	https://t.co/UODSMp0oTo																																											
Portland	Maine!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/oVfF28rWL5	https://t.co/RhblAXkNPw																																																	
Birthday	to	the	United	States	Coast	Guard.	Thank	you	@USCG!	#CoastGuardDay	https://t.co/hr4O8Xgq2R																																										
all	of	you.	This	group	knocked	on	50K	doors	&amp;	counting	here	in	Maine	thank	you!	@MaineGOP		https://t.co/Iui1F2z9ca																																			
to	IA	&amp;	WI	with	Gov.	Pence	tomorrow.	Join	us!	#MAGAhttps://t.co/3Hcnzj0Slxhttps://t.co/sEwLWkn1Sz	https://t.co/0Ei3EdQdXB																																										
Jacksonville	Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/xrTQjt9WOC	https://t.co/VSnBoQYoZs																																																		
for	your	support	of	my	candidacy!	#MAGA	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/Al5bZlRFYk																																													
to	the	amazing	law	enforcement	officers	today-	in	Daytona	Beach	Florida!	#LESM	#MAGA	https://t.co/QoxJf4Xzbc																																								
Daytona	Beach	Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/IAcLfXe463																																																		
Secretary	of	State	Hillary	Clinton	was	the	one	who	started	talks	to	give	400	million	dollars	in	cash	to	Iran.	Scandal!																																	
great	unity	in	my	campaign	perhaps	greater	than	ever	before.	I	want	to	thank	everyone	for	your	tremendous	support.	Beat	Crooked	H!																																
in	Virginia.	Crowd	was	fantastic!																																																	
@IvankaTrump	will	be	on	@Greta	tonight	at	7pm.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/QySC5PLFMy																																												
questions	about	‘Clinton	Cash’	from	Russians	during	‘reset'	https://t.co/vVcAzY2zcp																																													
will	go	down	as	perhaps	the	worst	president	in	the	history	of	the	United	States!																																							
Podesta’s	Brother	Pocketed	$180,000 	from	Putin’s	Uranium	Company:	https://t.co/d0LfyiBlvX	https://t.co/I5fF3didZs																																												
																																																					
in	Florida	tomorrow!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	Daytona	|	3pm-	https://t.co/jbOS2s4qGIJacksonville	|	7pm-	https://t.co/XSF1kp7R54																																											
RESPONSE	TO	PRESIDENT	OBAMA'S	FAILED	LEADERSHIP:	https://t.co/SPgFIFuSO7																																															
Virginia!	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/9inCh1BVwM																																																			
signed	copies	of	my	book	The,Art,of,the,Deal	for	your	donation	of	$184 	or	more.		Get	YOURS	today!	https://t.co/4LnzfKRsqZ																																				
signed	copies	of	my	book	The,Art,of,the,Deal	for	your	donation	of	$184 	or	more.		Get	YOURS	today!		https://t.co/KpVEN635SH																																			
signed	copies	of	my	book	The,Art,of,the,Deal	for	your	donation	of	$184 	or	more.		Get	YOURS	today!	https://t.co/NNOM5GANxD																																				
Post	calls	out	#CrookedHillary	for	what	she	REALLY	is.	A	PATHOLOGICAL	LIAR!	Watch	that	nose	grow!	https://t.co/FsrUGByuuD																																					
in	Ohio	&amp;	a	great	evening	in	Pennsylvania	-	departing	now.	See	you	tomorrow	Virginia!	https://t.co/jQTQYBFpdb																																						
Mechanicsburg	PA.	Incredible	crowd--	so	enthusiastic!	Will	be	back	soon.	#MAGA	https://t.co/RbuXfDZ5w9																																										
of	manufacturing	jobs	in	Pennsylvania	have	moved	to	Mexico	and	other	countries.	That	will	end	when	I	win!																																				
@pnehlen	for	your	kind	words	very	much	appreciated.																																														
in	Florida	on	Wednesday!	Daytona	&amp;	Jacksonville:Daytona	|	3pm-	https://t.co/rJjYUbwiLLJacksonville	|	7pm-	https://t.co/zfxeNbr1nq																																									
GOP	convention	CNN	cut	away	from	the	victims	of	illegal	immigrant	violence.	They	don’t	want	them	heard.	https://t.co/EHRiLkQDWD																																				
CNN	do	a	segment	on	Hillary’s	plan	to	increase	Syrian	refugees	550%	and	how	much	it	will	cost?																																				
raked	in	money	from	regimes	that	horribly	oppress	women	and	gays	&amp;	refuses	to	speak	out	against	Radical	Islam.																																			
decisions	have	led	to	the	deaths	of	many	accepted	$	from	a	business	linked	to	ISIS.	Silence	at	CNN.	https://t.co/gJYSSXtpaz																																		
Clinton	is	100%	owned	by	her	donors.	#ImWithYou	#MAGA	https://t.co/iYM3CCWS2z																																												
Columbus	Ohio!	I	will	be	back	soon.	#ImWithYou	#MAGA	https://t.co/vMf1EPJp4r																																												
Oklahoma	&amp;	Virginia!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/WUdY7feRvV																																																
CNN	these	days	almost	as	little	as	they	believe	Hillary....that's	really	saying	something!																																									
who	support	Hillary	sit	behind	CNN	anchor	chairs	or	headline	fundraisers	-	those	disconnected	from	real	life.																																					
send	its	cameras	to	the	border	to	show	the	massive	unreported	crisis	now	unfolding	--	or	are	they	worried	it	will	hurt	Hillary?																															
we	see	stories	from	CNN	on	Clinton	Foundation	corruption	and	Hillary's	pay-for-play	at	State	Department?																																							
are	completely	out	of	touch	with	everyday	people	worried	about	rising	crime	failing	schools	and	vanishing	jobs.																																					
soon	be	the	least	trusted	name	in	news	if	they	continue	to	be	the	press	shop	for	Hillary	Clinton.																																			
Mike	Pence	in	Reno	Nevada-	tonight	at	7pm!	Tickets	available	at:	https://t.co/4nLjRGyFYw																																										
																																																					
all	of	the	Obama	tough	talk	on	Russia	and	the	Ukraine	they	have	already	taken	Crimea	and	continue	to	push.	That's	what	I	said!																														
said	in	an	interview	that	Putin	is	not,going,into,Ukraine,you,can,mark,it,down	I	am	saying	if	I	am	President.	Already	in	Crimea!																																				
is	not	about	Mr.	Khan	who	is	all	over	the	place	doing	interviews	but	rather	RADICAL	ISLAMIC	TERRORISM	and	the	U.S.	Get	smart!																															
who	does	not	know	me	viciously	attacked	me	from	the	stage	of	the	DNC	and	is	now	all	over	T.V.	doing	the	same	-	Nice!																													
is	unbelievable	how	distorted	one-sided	and	biased	the	media	is	against	us.	The	failing	@nytimes	is	a	joke.	@CNN	is	laughable!																																	
media	is	fawning	over	the	Democratic	Convention.	I	wonder	why	then	my	speech	had	millions	of	more	viewers	than	Crooked	H?																																	
viciously	attacked	by	Mr.	Khan	at	the	Democratic	Convention.	Am	I	not	allowed	to	respond?	Hillary	voted	for	the	Iraq	war	not	me!																															
killed	12	years	ago	was	a	hero	but	this	is	about	RADICAL	ISLAMIC	TERROR	and	the	weakness	of	our	leaders	to	eradicate	it!																															
the	original	goal!	I	will	write	a	$2 	MILLION	check	to	our	campaign	if	we	hit	our	end-of-month	goal!		https://t.co/n6W9Dm6FqY																																	
Research	final	numbers	on	ACCEPTANCE	SPEECH:	TRUMP		32.2	MILLION.		CLINTON	27.8	MILLION.		Thank	you!																																					
to	all	of	the	television	viewers	that	made	my	speech	at	the	Republican	National	Convention	#1	over	Crooked	Hillary	and	DEMS.																																	
imagine	if	I	had	the	small	crowds	that	Hillary	is	drawing	today	in	Pennsylvania.	It	would	be	a	major	media	event!	@CNN	@FoxNews																															
agrees	members	should	pay	up	via	@dcexaminer:https://t.co/VZLDFy707K																																															
top	commander	just	announced	that	he	agrees	with	me	that	alliance	members	must	PAY	THEIR	BILLS.	This	is	a	general	I	will	like!																															
was	created	by	politicians	like	the	Clintons	who	allowed	our	jobs	to	be	stolen	from	us	by	other	countries	like	Mexico.	END!																																
in	Johnstown	Pennsylvania	where	jobs	have	been	absolutely	decimated	by	dumb	politicians	drew	less	than	200	-	with	Bill	VP																																		
Obama's	third	term	which	would	be	terrible	news	for	our	economic	growth	-	seen	below.	https://t.co/y9WJoUaaql																																						
that	Crooked	Hillary	has	very	small	and	unenthusiastic	crowds	in	Pennsylvania.	Perhaps	it	is	because	her	husband	signed	NAFTA?																																			
down	a	meeting	with	Charles	and	David	Koch.	Much	better	for	them	to	meet	with	the	puppets	of	politics	they	will	do	much	better!																														
the	media	want	to	report	that	on	the	two	Big,Thursdays	when	Crooked	Hillary	and	I	made	our	speeches	-	Republican's	won	ratings																																
																																																					
Clinton	is	soft	on	crime	supports	open	borders	and	wants	massive	tax	hikes.	A	formula	for	disaster!																																					
is	rising	across	the	United	States	yet	the	DNC	convention	ignored	it.	Crime	reduction	will	be	one	of	my	top	priorities.																																	
write	a	$2 	MILLION	check	to	our	campaign	if	we	hit	our	million-dollar	end-of-month	goal!	https://t.co/fUTugI2R2k																																						
back	from	Colorado.	The	love	and	enthusiasm	at	two	rallies	was	incredible.	Big	crowds!																																								
am	in	OH	&amp;	PA	-	you	can	also	join	@Mike_Pence	in	Nevada	on	Mon!Carson	City:	https://t.co/28G3RVbFsnReno:	https://t.co/4nLjRGyFYw																																				
Monday	in	Columbus	Ohio	&amp;	Harrisburg	Pennsylvania!	#MAGA3pm	in	OH:	https://t.co/DDg0AUsqRq7pm	in	PA:	https://t.co/VmSLBvL43l																																								
rate	in	Q2	2016	was	62.90%	-	lowest	rate	in	51yrs.	WE	will	bring	back	the		'American	Dream!'	https://t.co/yI4Q8FHRjp																																		
suffering	through	the	worst	long-term	unemployment	in	the	last	70	years.	I	want	change	-	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	does	not.																																		
never	win	over	Bernie	supporters.	Her	foreign	wars	NAFTA/TPP	support	&amp;	Wall	Street	ties	are	driving	away	millions	of	votes.																																		
amazing	yesterday!	So	much	support.	Our	tax	trade	and	energy	reforms	will	bring	great	jobs	to	Colorado	and	the	whole	country.																																	
Denver	Colorado!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/1KHrLdkOyW																																																		
Hillary	&amp;	the	Dems	are	trying	to	rig	the	debates	so	2	are	up	against	major	NFL	games.	Same	as	last	time	w/	Bernie.	Unacceptable!																													
Application	https://t.co/CKXkAlGSiV																																																				
should	not	be	given	national	security	briefings	in	that	she	is	a	lose	cannon	with	extraordinarily	bad	judgement	&amp;	insticts.																																		
to	the	amazing	law	enforcement	officers	in	Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#LESM	https://t.co/glxTQYAQiN																																												
Colorado	Springs.	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE	#TrumpPence16	in	November!	https://t.co/wK02fWzJey																																												
																																																					
is	tired	of	the	lies	SAD!	https://t.co/LPk1OkwH9P																																															
in	Colorado	Springs	at	2pm-	or	in	Denver	tonight	at	7pm!Colorado	Springs:	https://t.co/HgFW7IRtz9Denver:	https://t.co/aE5P9jNcFC																																								
Sanders	really	thinks	of	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	https://t.co/VgMaAsZBep																																														
watching	Crooked	Hillary	speak.	Same	old	stuff	our	country	needs	change!																																											
campaign	is	hearing	from	more	and	more	Bernie	supporters	that	they	will	NEVER	support	Crooked	Hillary.	She	sold	them	out	V.P.	pick!																																
Clinton's	America	-	things	get	worse.	#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/WdHbnhhCbW																																														
media	didn't	mention	that	Bernie	Sanders	was	very	angry	looking	during	Crooked's	speech.	He	wishes	he	didn't	make	that	deal!																																		
Facebook:	https://t.co/nmlRJqzA7SInstagram:	https://t.co/5gDeluaBXG	https://t.co/Pw7GS8R9Gg																																																		
said	that	I	couldn't,handle,the,rough,and,tumble,of,a,political,campaign.	ReallyI	just	beat	16	people	and	am	beating	her!																																									
Bloomberg	ran	again	for	Mayor	of	New	York	he	wouldn't	get	10%	of	the	vote	-	they	would	run	him	out	of	town!		#NeverHillary																													
Bloomberg	who	never	had	the	guts	to	run	for	president	knows	nothing	about	me.	His	last	term	as	Mayor	was	a	disaster!																																
Allen	who	I	never	met	but	spoke	against	me	last	night	failed	badly	in	his	fight	against	ISIS.	His	record	=	BAD		#NeverHillary																														
Clinton	mentioned	me	22	times	in	her	very	long	and	very	boring	speech.	Many	of	her	statements	were	lies	and	fabrications!																																	
at	the	University	of	Northwestern	Ohio-	tonight	at	7pm.	Tickets:	https://t.co/DvP8p7ueNU																																											
https://t.co/RNW3ED2ifR																																																					
just	shot	in	San	Diego	one	dead.	It	is	only	getting	worse.	People	want	LAW	AND	ORDER!																																					
Clinton	made	up	facts	about	me	and	forgot	to	mention	the	many	problems	of	our	country	in	her	very	average	scream!																																	
coverage	this	morning	of	the	very	average	Clinton	speech	and	Convention	is	a	joke.	@CNN	and	the	little	watched	@Morning_Joe	=	SAD!																																
has	worse	judgement	than	Hillary	Clinton	-	corruption	and	devastation	follows	her	wherever	she	goes.																																							
in	the	Middle	East	have	unleashed	destruction	terrorism	and	ISIS	across	the	world.																																									
is	a	borderless	world	where	working	people	have	no	power	no	jobs	no	safety.																																								
never	reform	Wall	Street.	She	is	owned	by	Wall	Street!																																												
of	life	is	under	threat	by	Radical	Islam	and	Hillary	Clinton	cannot	even	bring	herself	to	say	the	words.																																			
to	mention	Radical	Islam	as	she	pushes	a	550%	increase	in	refugees	is	more	proof	that	she	is	unfit	to	lead	the	country.																															
once	again	write	a	$1 	MILLION	check	to	our	campaign	if	we	hit	our	million-dollar	end-of-month	goal!	https://t.co/fUTugI2R2k																																				
-	thank	you	Cedar	Rapids	Iowa.	This	is	a	MOVEMENT!	https://t.co/ezrqVqPtta																																											
once	again	write	a	$1 	MILLION	check	to	our	campaign	if	we	hit	our	million-dollar	end-of-month	goal!	https://t.co/CgHp1CqPSp																																				
																																																					
I	WILL	fix	this	rigged	system	and	only	answer	to	YOU	the	American	people!		https://t.co/aE4cuEQBFQhttps://t.co/hjYzQvwMaC																																						
																																																					
be	back	in	Iowa!	#TBT	with	@JerryJrFalwell	joining	me	in	Davenport-	this	past	winter.	#MAGA	https://t.co/A5IF0QHnic																																						
income	is	down	for	the	middle	class	since	Obama	took	office.	It	will	only	go	further	down	under	Clinton.																																			
for	Clinton-Kaine	is	a	vote	for	TPP	NAFTA	high	taxes	radical	regulation	and	massive	influx	of	refugees.																																					
																																																					
https://t.co/xtcOnA8cw1																																																					
spoke	last	night	about	a	world	that	doesn’t	exist.	70%	of	the	people	think	our	country	is	going	in	the	wrong	direction.	#DNC																															
does	not	feel	'great	already'	to	the	millions	of	wonderful	people	living	in	poverty	violence	and	despair.																																					
of	police	officers	up	78%	this	year.	We	must	restore	law	and	order	and	protect	our	great	law	enforcement	officers!																																		
live	in	Toledo	Ohio!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/ruEvMGx4C9																																																		
																																																					
Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/bbv3EhGs5x	https://t.co/bbroAGTdMw																																																			
I	will	bring	jobs	back	and	get	wages	up	for	Americans	who	need	it	most.			https://t.co/rSEcsjiNFbhttps://t.co/ybFOV3gh0l																																				
to	our	amazing	law	enforcement	officers!	#MAGA	https://t.co/UEZorOQhTw																																														
																																																					
poll	-	thank	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/mXovx0TLPC																																																	
or	any	other	country	or	person	has	Hillary	Clinton's	33000	illegally	deleted	emails	perhaps	they	should	share	them	with	the	FBI!																																	
next	Vice	President	@Mike_Pence	in	Wisconsin	tonight	&amp;	Michigan	Thursday!MI:	https://t.co/daR2xIhCEsWI:	https://t.co/LKc7e4VZkB																																										
American	flag	on	the	massive	stage	at	the	Democratic	National	Convention	until	people	started	complaining-then	a	small	one.	Pathetic																																			
very	bright	Vice	President	Joe	Biden	just	stated	that	I	wanted	to	carpet,bomb	the	enemy.	Sorry	Joe	that	was	Ted	Cruz!																																	
Clinton	wants	to	flood	our	country	with	Syrian	immigrants	that	we	know	little	or	nothing	about.	The	danger	is	massive.	NO!																																	
violent	and	vicious	killing	by	ISIS	of	a	beloved	French	priest	is	causing	people	to	start	thinking	rationally.	Get	tough!																																		
Convention	has	paid	ZERO	respect	to	the	great	police	and	law	enforcement	professionals	of	our	country.	No	recognition	-	SAD!																																		
the	failing	@nytimes	is	pushing	Dems	narrative	that	Russia	is	working	for	me	because	Putin	said	Trump,is,a,genius.	America	1st!																																			
have	been	saying	Crooked	Hillary	will	approve	the	job	killing	TPP	after	the	election	despite	her	statements	to	the	contrary:	top	adv.																																
I	have	warned	from	the	beginning	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	will	betray	you	on	the	TPP.	https://t.co/eoNTWK6I8y																																						
Bernie's	supporters	have	left	the	arena.	Did	Bernie	go	home	and	go	to	sleep?																																								
to	say	it	but	the	Republican	Convention	was	far	more	interesting	(with	a	much	more	beautiful	set)	than	the	Democratic	Convention!																																	
what	Bill	Clinton	says	and	no	matter	how	well	he	says	it	the	phony	media	will	exclaim	it	to	be	incredible.	Highly	overrated!																															
no	idea	what	my	strategy	on	ISIS	is	and	neither	does	ISIS	(a	good	thing).	Please	get	your	facts	straight	-	thanks.	@megynkelly																															
you!	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/CWfECeUSSq																																							
you!	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/LwxMIAn0kK																																							
you!	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/ajAJ13xQvr																																							
record	I	have	ZERO	investments	in	Russia.																																															
to	try	and	deflect	the	horror	and	stupidity	of	the	Wikileakes	disaster	the	Dems	said	maybe	it	is	Russia	dealing	with	Trump.	Crazy!																															
want	to	talk	ISIS	b/c	Hillary's	foreign	interventions	unleashed	ISIS	&amp;	her	refugee	plans	make	it	easier	for	them	to	come	here.																																
he	just	wants	to	shut	down	and	go	home	to	bed!																																											
of	email	has	proven	to	be	a	very	bad	thing	for	Crooked	Hillary	in	that	it	has	proven	her	to	be	both	incompetent	and	a	liar!																												
New	Hampshire!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/KRCdV77BQp																																																		
in	Toledo	Ohio-	tomorrow	night	at	8pm!	#TrumpPence16	#MAGATickets:	https://t.co/ERNRrksikq	https://t.co/zmGZauCnQF																																											
tomorrow	in	Scranton	Pennsylvania	at	3pm!#TrumpPence16	#MAGA	Tickets:	https://t.co/4FTydj8s9U	https://t.co/7zMKhhMmhp																																												
last	night!	Sad	to	watch.																																																	
the	Democrats	speaking	about	ISIS	bad	trade	deals	broken	borders	police	and	law	and	order.	The	Republican	Convention	was	great																																		
you	listen	to	@FoxNews	the	Democrats	did	not	have	a	good	day.	If	you	listen	to	the	other	two	they	are	fawning.	What	a	difference																													
totally	sold	out	to	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	All	of	that	work	energy	and	money	and	nothing	to	show	for	it!	Waste	of	time.																															
often	referred	to	as	Pocahontas	just	misrepresented	me	and	spoke	glowingly	about	Crooked	Hillary	who	she	always	hated!																																				
watch	Bernie	Sanders	abandon	his	revolution.	We	welcome	all	voters	who	want	to	fix	our	rigged	system	and	bring	back	our	jobs.																																
Booker	is	the	future	of	the	Democratic	Party	they	have	no	future!	I	know	more	about	Cory	than	he	knows	about	himself.																																
at	@FoxNews	and	met	Juan	Williams	in	passing.		He	asked	if	he	could	have	pictures	taken	with	me.	I	said	fine.	He	then	trashes	on	air!																											
believe	that	Bernie	Sanders	has	done	such	a	complete	fold.	He	got	NOTHING	for	all	of	the	time	energy	and	money.	The	V.P.	a	joke!																													
has	totally	given	up	on	his	fight	for	the	people	we	welcome	all	voters	who	want	a	better	future	for	our	workers.																																
Bernie	voters.	Kaine	supports	TPP	is	in	pocket	of	Wall	Street	and	backed	Iraq	War.																																							
OHIO!	#TrumpPence16https://t.co/NOF9Td9BHs	https://t.co/WPMBkYjuIm																																																			
Roanoke	Virginia-	be	back	soon!	#TrumpPence16https://t.co/rwxXhfFsn1	https://t.co/HwqI2iGPDu																																															
SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#TrumpPence16https://t.co/4O4yjh7X4O	https://t.co/cptBaZbV1v																																																
https://t.co/3ji7a14GSw																																																					
numbers	are	coming	out	all	over.	People	don't	want	another	four	years	of	Obama	and	Crooked	Hillary	would	be	even	worse.	#MAGA																																
of	Florida	is	so	embarrassed	by	the	antics	of	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	and	Debbie	Wasserman	Schultz	that	they	will	vote	for	CHANGE!																																
Republican	Convention	went	so	smoothly	compared	to	the	Dems	total	mess.	But	fear	not	the	dishonest	media	will	find	a	good	spinnnn!																																
go	again	with	another	Clinton	scandal	and	e-mails	yet	(can	you	believe).	Crooked	Hillary	knew	the	fix	was	in	B	never	had	a	chance!																														
Clinton	knew	everything	that	her	servant	was	doing	at	the	DNC	-	they	just	got	caught	that's	all!	They	laughed	at	Bernie.																																
Sanders	after	seeing	the	just	released	e-mails	continues	to	look	exhausted	and	done	then	his	legacy	will	never	be	the	same.																																	
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/Pzs9uwgzam																																																				
involved	in	the	e-mail	scandal	because	she	is	the	only	one	with	judgement	so	bad	that	such	a	thing	could	have	happened!																																
BAD	JUDGEMENT	was	on	display	by	the	people	in	DNC	in	writing	those	really	dumb	e-mails	using	even	religion	against	Bernie!																																	
joke	in	town	is	that	Russia	leaked	the	disastrous	DNC	e-mails	which	should	never	have	been	written	(stupid)	because	Putin	likes	me																																
Hillary	Clinton	and	Tim	Kaine	on	60	Minutes.	No	way	they	are	going	to	fix	America's	problems.	ISIS	&amp;	all	others	laughing!																																
for	the	Republican	National	Convention	were	very	good	but	for	the	final	night	my	speech	great.	Thank	you!																																				
neurotic	Debbie	Wasserman	Schultz	is	angry	that	after	stealing	and	cheating	her	way	to	a	Crooked	Hillary	victory	she's	out!																																		
are	in	a	total	meltdown	but	the	biased	media	will	say	how	great	they	are	doing!	E-mails	say	the	rigged	system	is	alive	&amp;	well!																													
Bernie	Sanders	has	lost	his	energy	and	his	strength	I	don't	believe	that	his	supporters	will	let	Crooked	Hillary	off	the	hook!																																
Clinton	was	not	at	all	loyal	to	the	person	in	her	rigged	system	that	pushed	her	over	the	top	DWS.	Too	bad	Bernie	flamed	out																													
Republican	Convention	had	blown	up	with	e-mails	resignation	of	boss	and	the	beat	down	of	a	big	player.	(Bernie)	media	would	go	wild																															
panels	are	so	one	sided	almost	all	against	Trump.	@FoxNews	is	so	much	better	and	the	ratings	are	much	higher.	Don't	watch	CNN!																															
said	that	Debbie	Wasserman	Schultz	was	overrated.	The	Dems	Convention	is	cracking	up	and	Bernie	is	exhausted	no	energy	left!																																		
what	I	have	always	known	that	@Reince	Priebus	is	the	tough	one	and	the	smart	one	not	Debbie	Wasserman	Shultz	(@DWStweets.)																																	
but	Bernie	Sanders	is	exhausted	just	can't	go	on	any	longer.	He	is	trying	to	dismiss	the	new	e-mails	and	DNC	disrespect.	SAD!																															
no	longer	a	Bernie	Sanders	political,revolution.	He	is	turning	out	to	be	a	weak	and	somewhat	pathetic	figurewants	it	all	to	end!																																
showed	that	Bernie	Sanders	would	have	won	the	Democratic	nomination	if	it	were	not	for	the	Super	Delegates.																																				
the	Bernie	people	will	fight.	If	not	their	BLOOD	SWEAT	AND	TEARS	was	a	total	waste	of	time.	Kaine	stands	for	opposite!																																
Obama's	brother	Malik	just	announced	that	he	is	voting	for	me.	Was	probably	treated	badly	by	president-like	everybody	else!																																			
started	off	strong	but	with	the	selection	of	Kaine	for	V.P.	is	ending	really	weak.	So	much	for	a	movement!	TOTAL	DISRESPECT																																
Hillary	V.P.	choice	is	VERY	disrespectful	to	Bernie	Sanders	and	all	of	his	supporters.	Just	another	case	of	BAD	JUDGEMENT	by	H!																																
																																																					
to	everyone	for	the	wonderful	reviews	of	my	speech	on	Thursday	night.	From	the	heart!																																							
e-mail	release	today	was	so	bad	to	Sanders	that	it	will	make	it	impossible	for	him	to	support	her	unless	he	is	a	fraud!																														
Crooked	Hillary	and	Tim	Kaine	together.	ISIS	and	our	other	enemies	are	drooling.	They	don't	look	presidential	to	me!																																			
bring	jobs	back	and	get	wages	up.	People	haven't	had	a	real	wage	increase	in	almost	twenty	years.	Clinton	killed	jobs!																																	
has	been	praising	the	Trans	Pacific	Partnership	and	has	been	pushing	hard	to	get	it	approved.	Job	killer!																																				
the	Democrats	would	have	their	convention	in	Pennsylvania	where	her	husband	and	her	killed	so	many	jobs.	I	will	bring	jobs	back!																																
Clinton	has	destroyed	jobs	and	manufacturing	in	Pennsylvania.	Against	steelworkers	and	miners.	Husband	signed	NAFTA.																																							
of	DNC	show	plans	to	destroy	Bernie	Sanders.	Mock	his	heritage	and	much	more.	On-line	from	Wikileakes	really	vicious.	RIGGED																																		
V.P.	slot	so	badly	but	wasn't	chosen	because	she	has	done	nothing	in	the	Senate.	Also	Crooked	Hillary	hates	her!																																		
is	and	always	has	been	owned	by	the	banks.	Bernie	supporters	are	outraged	was	their	last	choice.	Bernie	fought	for	nothing!																																	
Sanders	supporters	are	furious	with	the	choice	of	Tim	Kaine	who	represents	the	opposite	of	what	Bernie	stands	for.	Philly	fight?																																	
recommend	the	just	out	book	-	THE	FIELD	OF	FIGHT	-	by	General	Michael	Flynn.	How	to	defeat	radical	Islam.																																		
the	same	Kaine	that	took	hundreds	of	thousands	of	dollars	in	gifts	while	Governor	of	Virginia	and	didn't	get	indicted	while	Bob	M	did?																														
this	time	in	Germany.	Many	killed.	God	bless	the	people	of	Munich.																																										
the	best	produced	including	the	incredible	stage	&amp;	set	in	the	history	of	conventions.	Great	unity!	Big	T.V.	ratings!	@KarlRove																																		
Cleveland.	We	love	you	and	will	be	back	many	times!																																												
great	four	days	in	Cleveland.	So	proud	of	the	great	job	done	by	the	RNC	and	all.	The	police	and	Secret	Service	were	fantastic!																														
SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/KH2ZFHUHGP																																																	
OF	THE	NOMINATION!	#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/E6ZtVjSQZa																																																	
watch	360	video	live	from	the	podium!	https://t.co/yqcIsBUdAi	#RNCinCLE	#TrumpIsWithYou	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																											
a	MOVEMENT!	#RNCinCLE	https://t.co/bdox6JcrAp																																																		
you!	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/V92PkdHbG6	https://t.co/FhWHekyU4Q																																						
you!	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down.	Make	America	Great	Again!	https://t.co/V92PkdHbG6	https://t.co/SQs6ERk6El																																						
@DonaldJTrumpJr.	Proud	of	you!	#RNCinCLE	#TrumpPence2016	https://t.co/gobSNWughP																																															
set	a	new	goal:	raise	$4 	million	from	our	grassroots	supporters	by	MIDNIGHT!	https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW	https://t.co/8E0LiC8wYE																																							
set	a	new	goal:	raise	$4 	million	from	our	grassroots	supporters	by	MIDNIGHT!	https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW	https://t.co/9Hd6dRcojF																																							
@IvankaTrump!	#RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/swsAKE11F0																																																				
a	small	group	of	people	who	have	suffered	massive	and	embarrassing	losses	the	party	is	VERY	united.	Great	love	in	the	arena!																																
to	get	your	OFFICIAL	Trump	gear!	Shop	now!		https://t.co/3lUaSztKYx																																												
talks	about	the	Constitution	but	doesn't	say	that	if	the	Dems	win	the	Presidency	the	new	JUSTICES	appointed	will	destroy	us	all!																																
soooo	proud	of	my	children	Don	Eric	and	Tiffany	-	their	speeches	under	enormous	pressure	were	incredible.	Ivanka	intros	me	tonight!																																	
@EricTrump!	Proud	of	you!#AmericaFirst	#RNCinCLE	https://t.co/S7IHXDrmsJ																																																
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/qL9rjb7OsD																																																			
packed	totally	electric!																																																			
fantastic	tonight.	Will	be	a	great	V.P.																																															
Vice	President	of	the	United	States	of	America	Gov.	@Mike_Pence!#GOPinCLE	#GOPConvention#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/TZT3XcKp1c																																										
Cruz	got	booed	off	the	stage	didn't	honor	the	pledge!	I	saw	his	speech	two	hours	early	but	let	him	speak	anyway.	No	big	deal!																													
@EricTrump!	Proud	of	you!	#AmericaFirst	#RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/EE7C6XKDkt	https://t.co/946U6bgREQ																																															
to	get	your	OFFICIAL	Trump	gear!	Shop	now!	https://t.co/3lUaSztKYx	https://t.co/ssNVgF7PTt																																												
to	get	your	OFFICIAL	Trump	gear!	Shop	now!	https://t.co/LQMDdNkUwR	https://t.co/KSAv65FuiD																																												
@ScottWalker!	#AmericaFirst	#RNCinCLE	https://t.co/k2Poy3gGvQ																																																		
exclusive	@realDonaldTrump	updates!		We	will	Make	America	Great	Again!																																												
to	Governor	@ScottWalker	for	such	warm	support.	Great	speech!																																													
@IngrahamAngle!	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/cv3I3xRSOK																																																			
https://t.co/PvdTA8HTCC																																																					
#GOPConvention#AmericaFirst	#RNCinCLE																																																				
was	never	asked	by	me	to	be	V.P.	Just	arrived	in	Cleveland	-	will	be	a	great	two	days!																																			
just	announced	a	$2 	million	fundraising	goal	tonight.	Please	stand	with	us!	https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW	https://t.co/2KjT4TJ07Y																																								
MELANIA	SPEECHhttps://t.co/uzBOm21Pug																																																				
is	spending	more	time	doing	a	forensic	analysis	of	Melania's	speech	than	the	FBI	spent	on	Hillary's	emails.																																				
is	Melania's	speech	got	more	publicity	than	any	in	the	history	of	politics	especially	if	you	believe	that	all	press	is	good	press!																															
I	think	the	people	of	Ohio	will	remember	that	the	Republicans	picked	Cleveland	instead	of	going	to	another	state.	Jobs!																																		
of	@FoxNews	was	very	nice	in	explaining	the	excitement	and	energy	in	the	arena.	More	than	in	past	years.																																			
my	children	Don	and	Tiffany	on	having	done	a	fantastic	job	last	night.	I	am	very	proud	of	you!																																			
great	honor	to	be	the	Republican	Nominee	for	President	of	the	United	States.	I	will	work	hard	and	never	let	you	down!	AMERICA	FIRST!																														
CALL	is	beginning	at	the	Republican	National	Convention.	Very	exciting!																																												
#RNCinCLE	https://t.co/bsUp4MSysD	https://t.co/mYBjp03XYf																																																			
https://t.co/xlB2C1cpKp	https://t.co/5Kv03luMZW																																																				
truly	an	honor	to	introduce	my	wife	Melania.	Her	speech	and	demeanor	were	absolutely	incredible.	Very	proud!	#GOPConvention																																				
on	@OreillyFactor	tonight	at	8:30pm	@FoxNews-	prior	to	Melania's	speech	at	the	#GOPConvention.	Tune	in-	she	will	do	great!	#RNCinCLE																																		
https://t.co/QniZIsGrG8	https://t.co/Kvq6r6WkQ1																																																				
than	low	ratings	@CNN	have	been	very	fair	and	exciting!																																												
the	worst.They	go	to	their	dumb	one-sided	panels	when	a	podium	speaker	is	for	Trump!	VAST	MAJORITY	want:	Make	America	Great	Again!																																
to	being	at	the	convention	tonight	to	watch	all	of	the	wonderful	speakers	including	my	wife	Melania.	Place	looks	beautiful!																																		
Mahoning	County	Ohio!	See	you	soon!	#MakeAmericaSafeAgain	https://t.co/TNJMUKImpK	https://t.co/iFdqRvaL3q																																													
just	had	a	news	conference	but	he	doesn't	have	a	clue.	Our	country	is	a	divided	crime	scene	and	it	will	only	get	worse!																														
is	totally	divided	and	our	enemies	are	watching.	We	are	not	looking	good	we	are	not	looking	smart	we	are	not	looking	tough!																															
be	on	@60Minutes	tonight	at	7:00	P.M.	with	Mike	Pence	talking	about	LAW	AND	ORDER	and	many	other	subjects!	Bad	times	for	divided	USA!																														
TRYING	to	fight	ISIS	and	now	our	own	people	are	killing	our	police.	Our	country	is	divided	and	out	of	control.	The	world	is	watching																													
for	the	officers	killed	in	Baton	Rouge	today.	How	many	law	enforcement	and	people	have	to...https://t.co/pPNrzG8kEa																																						
at	@FoxNews	blow	away	the	ratings	of	@CNN	-	not	even	close.	That's	because	CNN	is	the	Clinton	News	Network	and	people	don't	like																														
much	better	and	far	more	truthful	than	@CNN	which	is	all	negative.	Guests	are	stacked	for	Crooked	Hillary!	I	don't	watch.																																	
Elizabeth	Warren	a	very	weak	Senator	didn't	lie	about	her	heritage	(being	Native	American)	she	would	be	nothing	today.	Pick	her	H																																
that	Crooked	Hillary	picks	Goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	sometimes	referred	to	as	Pocahontas	as	her	V.P.	Then	we	can	litigate	her	fraud!																																	
matter	that	Crooked	Hillary	has	experience	look	at	all	of	the	bad	decisions	she	has	made.	Bernie	said	she	has	bad	judgement!																																
days	and	weeks	go	by		we	see	what	a	total	mess	our	country	(and	world)	is	in	-	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	led	Obama	into	bad	decisions!																											
going	to	have	a	great	time	in	Cleveland.	Will	lead	to	special	results	for	our	country.	We	will	Make	America	Great	Again!																																
Warren	who	may	be	the	least	productive	Senator	in	the	U.S.	Senate	must	prove	she	is	not	a	fraud.	Without	the	con	it's	over																														
to	Jack	Morgan	Tamara	Neo	Cheryl	Ann	Kraft	and	all	of	my	friends	and	supporters	in	Virginia.	GREAT	JOB!																																			
to	Chris	Cox	and	Bikers	for	Trump	-	Your	support	has	been	amazing.	I	will	never	forget.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																	
To	Help	Make	America	Great	Again!	You	Can	Help	Stop	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton!	https://t.co/swzCe5PiNI	https://t.co/0fmgNBuAcc																																							
To	Help	Make	America	Great	Again!	You	Can	Help	Stop	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton!	https://t.co/VlObaDG4eR	https://t.co/mBDwW5orrd																																							
#TrumpPence16	https://t.co/RHprMCsGT6																																																				
Clinton	is	bought	and	paid	for	by	Wall	Street	lobbyists	and	special	interests.	She	will	sell	our	country	down	the	tubes!																																	
that	a	person	who	has	made	so	many	mistakes	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	can	put	out	such	FALSE	and	vicious	ads	with	her	phony	money!																														
who	embarrassed	herself	and	the	country	with	her	e-mail	lies	has	been	a	DISASTER	on	foreign	policy.	Look	what's	happening!																																		
is	spending	big	Wall	Street	money	on	ads	saying	I	don't	have	foreign	policy	experience	yet	look	what	her	policies	have	done																																
to	introducing	Governor	Mike	Pence	(who	has	done	a	spectacular	job	in	the	great	State	of	Indiana).	My	first	choice	from	start!																																
to	Governor	Mike	Pence	V.P.	introduction	tomorrow	in	New	York	City.																																											
pleased	to	announce	that	I	have	chosen	Governor	Mike	Pence	as	my	Vice	Presidential	running	mate.	News	conference	tomorrow	at	11:00	A.M.																																
years	of	weakness	with	a	Crooked	Hillary	Administration	is	not	acceptable.	Look	what	has	happened	to	the	world	with	O	&amp;	Hillary!																																
never	more.	They	were	crushed	last	night	in	Cleveland	at	Rules	Committee	by	a	vote	of	87-12.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																	
and	condolences	to	the	victims	and	families	of	the	terrible	tragedy	in	Nice	France.	We	are	with	you	in	every	way!																																	
of	the	horrible	attack	in	Nice	France	I	have	postponed	tomorrow's	news	conference	concerning	my	Vice	Presidential	announcement.																																				
attack	this	time	in	Nice	France.	Many	dead	and	injured.	When	will	we	learn?	It	is	only	getting	worse.																																			
many	people	in	the	State	of	Virginia	-	JOBS	JOBS	JOBS!	Crooked	Hillary	will	sell	us	out	just	like	her	husband	did	with	NAFTA.																														
poll.	Thank	you	for	your	support!	Join	the	MOVEMENT	today!	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW	https://t.co/miT4atHxQz																																									
poll-	thank	you	America!#Trump2016	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/aVH9c5QRwc																																																
be	making	the	announcement	of	my	Vice	Presidential	pick	on	Friday	at	11am	in	Manhattan.	Details	to	follow.																																				
win	the	Presidency	we	will	swamp	Justice	Ginsburg	with	real	judges	and	real	legal	opinions!																																							
@NYTimes	and	@WashingtonPost	Editorial	Boards	condemned	Justice	Ginsburg	for	her	ethical	and	legal	breach.	What	was	she	thinking?																																				
Court	Justice	Ruth	Bader	Ginsburg	going	to	apologize	to	me	for	her	misconduct?	Big	mistake	by	an	incompetent	judge!																																			
way	to	San	Diego	to	raise	money	for	the	Republican	Party.	I	am	spending	a	lot	myself	and	also	helping	others.																																	
that	Crooked	Hillary's	negative	ads	are	not	true-	just	like	her	email	lies	and	her	other	fraudulent	activity.																																				
$500k	a	day	on	TV	ads	alone	#CrookedHillary	falls	flat	in	nationwide	@QuinnipiacPoll.	Having	ZERO	impact.	Sad!!																																					
Hillary's	email	stories	all	have	one	thing	in	common.	https://t.co/teoVCYXKOR																																												
Obama	trying	to	destroy	Israel	with	all	his	bad	moves?	Think	about	it	and	let	me	know!																																					
platform	is	most	pro-Israel	of	all	time!																																															
platform	now	includes	language	that	supports	the	border	wall.	We	will	build	the	wall	and	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AGAIN!																																			
outspending	me	by	a	combined	31	to	1	in	Florida	Ohio	&amp;	Pennsylvania.	I	haven't	started	yet!	https://t.co/BcoPrwqFMe																																				
Florida	Ohio	and	Pennsylvania!	#CrookedHillary	is	not	qualified.	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/M1yzgyeEdY																																												
#ImWithYou	https://t.co/6XkUQ0W4QS																																																				
of	the	U.S.	Supreme	Court	has	embarrassed	all	by	making	very	dumb	political	statements	about	me.	Her	mind	is	shot	-	resign!																																
INDIANA!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/Jmkah9wGaA																																																			
Iowa-	see	you	soon!#Trump2016	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/gva0MbgnuO	https://t.co/PE1jdqZysc																																															
be	interviewed	by	@oreillyfactor	tonight	on	@FoxNews	at	8pm.	Enjoy!																																												
people	agree.	No	free	pass	for	#CrookedHillary!	https://t.co/lTjLVKkzh1																																														
the	Bernie	voters	who	want	to	stop	bad	trade	deals	&amp;	global	special	interests	we	welcome	you	with	open	arms.	People	first.																																
has	abandoned	his	supporters	by	endorsing	pro-war	pro-TPP	pro-Wall	Street	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.																																									
endorsing	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	is	like	Occupy	Wall	Street	endorsing	Goldman	Sachs.																																										
not	qualified!https://t.co/6qi7KTW43O																																																				
somewhat	surprised	that	Bernie	Sanders	was	not	TRUE	to	himself	and	his	supporters.	They	are	not	happy	that	he	is	selling	out!																																
who	has	lost	most	of	his	leverage	has	totally	sold	out	to	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	He	will	endorse	her	today	-	fans	angry!																															
is	a	choice	between	law	order	&amp;	safety	-	or	chaos	crime	&amp;	violence.	I	will	make	America	safe	again	for	everyone.	#ImWithYou																															
many	years	our	inner	cities	have	been	left	behind.	I	am	going	to	deliver	jobs	safety	and	protection	for	those	in	need.																																
out	of	control	and	rapidly	getting	worse.	Look	what	is	going	on	in	Chicago	and	our	inner	cities.	Not	good!																																		
https://t.co/roVn7pAVfy																																																					
States	District	Judge	Robert	E.	Payne	today	ruled	in	favor	of	Trump	campaign	delegates	who	had	argued..https://t.co/qVwfjgCHU7																																					
Veterans'	Reform:https://t.co/XB7RMwesMK																																																				
Florida!	Thank	you!	https://t.co/4FuPpL5WOM																																																		
prayers	with	the	victims	and	their	families-	along	with	everyone	at	the	Berrien	County	Courthouse	in	St.	Joseph	Michigan.																																			
in	Westfield	Indiana-	tomorrow	night	at	7:30pm!	#Trump2016	Tickets:	https://t.co/Jj9TmSEoOd	https://t.co/Rq6YRHlpib																																											
that	the	underachieving	John	King	of	@CNN	on	Inside	Politics	was	one	hour	of	lies.	Happily	few	people	are	watching	-	dead	network!																															
is	so	dishonest.	If	I	make	a	statement	they	twist	it	and	turn	it	to	make	it	sound	bad	or	foolish.They	think	the	public	is	stupid!																												
thinks	the	nation	is	not	as	divided	as	people	think.	He	is	living	in	a	world	of	the	make	believe!																																		
is	happening	to	our	country	under	the	WEAK	leadership	of	Obama	and	people	like	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	We	are	a	divided	nation!																																
-	thank	you!	#Trump2016https://t.co/Mi87Vmw06H	https://t.co/WmqvcYG4r3																																																	
go	@serenawilliams		-	you	are	a	TRUE	champion.	Proud	of	you!																																										
SAFE	AGAIN!https://t.co/m0AJWlV8nm	https://t.co/P0GleHEmJy																																																			
sad	that	on	a	day	of	national	tragedy	Hillary	Clinton	is	answering	softball	questions	about	her	email	lies	on	@CNN?																																		
the	horrific	events	taking	place	in	our	country	I	have	decided	to	postpone	my	speech	on	economic	opportunity-	today	in	Miami.																																	
horrific	execution-style	shootings	of	12	Dallas	law	enforcement	officers...https://t.co/mwzYU98yTt																																													
condolences	to	all	of	the	families	who	are	so	thoroughly	devastated	by	the	horrors	we	are	all	watching	take	place	in	our	country																															
Crooked	Hillary	can	officially	be	called	Lyin'	Crooked	Hillary.																																													
Speaker	@PRyan!#AmericaFirst	#Trump2016		https://t.co/PPsyxGPdFc																																																	
https://t.co/fxlVgfAA1l																																																					
Rep.	Collins!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/zkmPywMDxg																																																		
D.C.	Had	great	meetings	with	Republicans	in	the	House	and	Senate.	Very	interesting	day!	These	are	people	who	love	our	country!																																	
in	Cincinnati	Ohio	last	night-	thank	you!	Off	to	Washington	D.C.	now.	#Trump2016	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/sryJgRyd56																																							
the	outrage	for	this	Disney	book?	Is	this	the	'Star	of	David'	also?	Dishonest	media!	#Frozen	https://t.co/4LJBpSm8xa																																					
of	my	twitter	followers	please	contribute	whatever	you	can	to	the	campaign.	We	must	beat	Crooked	Hillary.	https://t.co/Xv8Q1GuWiH																																				
schedule	to	be	released	tomorrow.	Let	today	be	devoted	to	Crooked	Hillary	and	the	rigged	system	under	which	we	live.																																		
over	seven	million	hits	on	social	media	re	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	Check	it	out	Sleepy	Eyes	@MarkHalperin	@NBCPolitics																																				
Chuck	Todd	a	man	with	so	little	touch	for	politics	is	at	it	again.He	could	not	have	watched	my	standing	ovation	speech	in	N.C.																														
once	great	Caesars	is	bankrupt	in	A.C.	Others	to	follow.	Ask	the	Democrat	City	Council	what	happened	to	Atlantic	City.																																		
should	ask	why	the	Democrat	pols	in	Atlantic	City	made	all	the	wrong	moves	-	Convention	Center	Airport	-	and	destroyed	City																																
a	lot	of	money	in	Atlantic	City	and	left	7	years	ago	great	timing	(as	all	know).	Pols	made	big	mistakes	now	many	bankruptcies.																														
Clinton	lied	to	the	FBI	and	to	the	people	of	our	country.	She	is	sooooo	guilty.	But	watch	her	time	will	come!																																
system	may	have	helped	Hillary	Clinton	escape	criminal	charges	but...https://t.co/KO64IAMDgj	https://t.co/8CBSfNpl2l																																											
has	once	again	been	proven	to	be	a	person	who	is	dishonest	incompetent	and	of	very	bad	judgement.																																				
Clinton	and	her	team	were,extremely,careless,in,their,handling,of,very,sensitive,highly,classified,information.	Not	fit!																																															
Clinton	is	unfit	to	serve	as	President	of	the	U.S.	Her	temperament	is	weak	and	her	opponents	are	strong.	BAD	JUDGEMENT!																																	
think	the	voters	will	forget	the	rigged	system	that	allowed	Crooked	Hillary	to	get	away	with	murder.	Come	November	8	she's	out!																																
lot	of	money	for	the	Republican	Party.	There	will	be	a	big	gasp	when	the	figures	are	announced	in	the	morning.	Lots	of	support!	Win																													
be	interviewed	by	@oreillyfactor	tonight	on	@FoxNews	at	11pm.	Enjoy!																																												
@EricTrump	will	be	interviewed	by	@SeanHannity	tonight	at	10pm	on	@FoxNews.	Enjoy!																																										
to	meeting	with	@SenBobCorker	in	a	little	while.	We	will	be	traveling	to	North	Carolina	together	today.																																					
said	Crooked	Hillary	compromised	our	national	security.	No	charges.	Wow!	#RiggedSystem																																											
is	rigged.	General	Petraeus	got	in	trouble	for	far	less.	Very	very	unfair!	As	usual	bad	judgment.																																					
great	spending	time	with	@joniernst	yesterday.	She	has	done	a	fantastic	job	for	the	people	of	Iowa	and	U.S.	Will	see	her	again!																															
paying	a	fortune	for	the	use	of	Air	Force	One	on	the	campaign	trail	by	President	Obama	and	Crooked	Hillary.	A	total	disgrace!																															
at	7:00	P.M.	Special:,Meet,the,Trumps	Hope	you	enjoy!																																															
President	Obama	allowed	to	use	Air	Force	One	on	the	campaign	trail	with	Crooked	Hillary?	She	is	flying	with	him	tomorrow.	Who	pays?																															
and	Obama	the	terrorist	attacks	will	only	get	worse.	Politically	correct	fools	won't	even	call	it	what	it	is	-	RADICAL	ISLAM!																																
Clinton	is	guilty,as,hell	but	the	system	is	totally	rigged	and	corrupt!	Where	are	the	33000	missing	e-mails?																																					
people	who	are	not	interested	in	being	the	V.P.	pick	are	the	people	who	have	not	been	asked!																																				
forward	to	meeting	@joniernst	today	in	New	Jersey.	She	has	done	a	great	job	as	Senator	of	Iowa!																																				
with	Indiana	Governor	Mike	Pence	and	family	yesterday.	Very	impressed	great	people!																																										
Cotton	was	great	on	Meet	the	Press	yesterday.	Despite	a	totally	one-sided	interview	by	Chuck	Todd	the	end	result	was	solid!																																	
is	trying	their	absolute	best	to	depict	a	star	in	a	tweet	as	the	Star	of	David	rather	than	a	Sheriff's	Star	or	plain	star!																													
of	July!	#Trump2016	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/Ndb3AQrLtY	https://t.co/YhHyQjwJW6																																																
will	NEVER	be	able	to	handle	the	complexities	and	danger	of	ISIS	-	it	will	just	go	on	forever.	We	need	change!																																
mass	attack	(slaughter)	in	days	by	ISIS.	200	dead	in	Baghdad	worst	in	many	years.	We	do	not	have	leadership	that	can	stop	this!																														
hostages	were	immediately	killed	by	ISIS	terrorists	if	they	were	unable	to	cite	a	verse	from	the	Koran.	20	were	killed!																																	
that	Crooked	Hillary	sent	Bill	to	have	the	meeting	with	the	U.S.A.G.	So	Bill	is	not	in	trouble	with	H	except	that	he	got	caught!																													
meeting	between	Bill	Clinton	and	the	U.S.A.G.	in	back	of	closed	plane	was	heightened	with	FBI	shouting	go,away,no,pictures.																																				
really	believe	that	Bill	Clinton	and	the	U.S.A.G.	talked	only	about	grandkids	and	golf	for	37	minutes	in	plane	on	tarmac?																																	
																																																					
a	great	man	Elie	Wiesel	passed	away.The	world	is	a	better	place	because	of	him	and	his	belief	that	good	can	triumph	over	evil!																														
Clinton	knew	that	her	husband	wanted	to	meet	with	the	U.S.A.G.	to	work	out	a	deal.	The	system	is	totally	rigged	&amp;	corrupt!																															
fool	would	believe	that	the	meeting	between	Bill	Clinton	and	the	U.S.A.G.	was	not	arranged	or	that	Crooked	Hillary	did	not	know.																																
@meetthepress	and	how	totally	biased	against	me	Chuck	Todd	and	the	entire	show	is	against	me.The	good	news-the	people	get	it!																																	
just	announced-by	sources-that	no	charges	will	be	brought	against	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	Like	I	said	the	system	is	totally	rigged!																																		
impossible	for	the	FBI	not	to	recommend	criminal	charges	against	Hillary	Clinton.	What	she	did	was	wrong!	What	Bill	did	was	stupid!																																
@greta.	#ImWithYou	https://t.co/SLdqNhD4Tm																																																			
for	your	support!#AmericaFirst	#LeadRight2016		https://t.co/a6f6xZNrym																																																
#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/MYG45LxGmH																																																				
become	the	next	POTUS-	they	will	not	be	ignoring!	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/97R0cQdnGI																																											
--	Makes	History!	#ImWithYou	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/PKQhYhMmIX																																																
to	our	Constitution	is	clear.	The	right	of	the	people	to	keep	&amp;	bear	Arms	shall	not	be	infringed	upon.	https://t.co/sqe12D0MBJ																																	
https://t.co/iEcnnlJ728																																																					
slots	at	the	Republican	Convention	are	totally	filled	with	a	long	waiting	list	of	those	that	want	to	speak	-	Wednesday	release																																
in	the	failing	@nytimes	that	I	was	not	aware	the,event,had,to,be,held,in,Cleveland	-	a	total	lie.	These	people	are	sick!																																				
can't	say	it	-	or	see	it	--	you	can't	fix	it.	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AGAIN!	#ImWithYou	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/Vd2A747L29																																	
from	Colorado.	Amazing	crowd!																																																		
for	inviting	me	to	the	Western	Conservative	Summit	in	Colorado!	#ImWithYou	#WCS16	https://t.co/lK3UW4fY2q	https://t.co/QDQhRRuBbG																																								
for	your	support!	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	#ImWithYou	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/ravfFT5UBE																																								
won't	be	happening	if	I'm	elected	POTUS.	Killer	should	have	never	been	here.	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/XDGKaj0ico																																							
terrorist	attack	today	in	Israel	--	a	father	shot	at	by	a	Palestinian	terrorist	was	killed	while:https://t.co/Cv1HzKVbiT																																					
of	a	13	year	old	American	girl	at	her	home	in	Israel	by	a	Palestinian	terrorist.	We	must	get	tough.	https://t.co/zauQ6kb9Hj																																	
job	on	FOX	this	morning.	Keep	up	the	good	work!																																												
look	at	what	happened	w/	Bill	Clinton.	The	system	is	totally	rigged.	Does	anybody	really	believe	that	meeting	was	just	a	coincidence?																																
meeting	was	a	total	secret.	Nobody	was	to	know	about	it	but	he	was	caught	by	a	local	reporter.																																			
Sanders	said	Hillary	Clinton	has	bad	judgement.	Bill's	meeting	was	probably	initiated	and	demanded	by	Hillary!																																						
																																																					
be	interviewed	by	@SeanHannity	tonight	at	10pm	on	FOX!	Enjoy!																																												
I	put	up	approximately	$50 	million	for	my	successful	primary	campaign	is	very	simple	I	want	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																	
self	funded	my	winning	primary	campaign	with	an	approx.	$50 	million	loan.	I	have	totally	terminated	the	loan!																																				
dishonest	@NBCNews	refuses	to	accept	the	fact	that	I	have	forgiven	my	$50 	million	loan	to	my	campaign.	Done	deal!																																		
the	reasons	Hillary	hid	her	emails	was	so	the	public	wouldn't	see	how	she	got	rich-	selling	out	America.	https://t.co/mO9QrmYXRD																																		
college	graduates	want	Crooked	Hillary	as	their	President?	She	will	destroy	them!	https://t.co/S80xxdeHfG																																									
by	@ericbolling	is	absolutely	terrific	and	a	must	read!	#WakeUpAmerica																																												
with	Hillary	will	never	change.	https://t.co/h0Av3TAIiM																																																
only	they	can	explain	the	@USChamber	wants	to	continue	our	bad	trade	deals	rather	than	renegotiating	and	making	them	better.																																		
in	Massachusetts	and	Maine.	Thank	you	to	everyone	for	making	it	so	special!																																									
be	on	@oreillyfactor	at	8:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																															
on	Hillary	Clinton's	watch-	she's	done	nothing	about	it	and	never	will.	Not	capable!																																								
in	Bangor	Maine	today!	Join	me-	4pmE	at	the	Cross	Insurance	Center!	https://t.co/y4n4nERPFr	https://t.co/7LAPewxE05																																								
poll	out-	we	are	going	to	win	the	whole	deal-	and	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/dL5ahNcwZb																																					
Senator	John	Barrasso	on	@FoxNews	-	He	was	great!	Thank	you	John.																																										
the	USChamber	be	upset	by	the	fact	that	I	want	to	negotiate	better	and	stronger	trade	deals	or	that	I	want	penalties	for	cheaters?																														
must	fight	harder	for	the	American	worker.	China	and	many	others	are	taking	advantage	of	U.S.	with	our	terrible	trade	pacts																																	
Tyson	was	not	asked	to	speak	at	the	Convention	though	I'm	sure	he	would	do	a	good	job	if	he	was.	The	media	makes	everything	up!																												
do	everything	possible	to	keep	this	horrible	terrorism	outside	the	United	States.																																										
terrorist	attack	this	time	in	Turkey.	Willthe	world	ever	realize	what	is	going	on?	So	sad.																																						
Presidency	would	be	catastrophic	forthe	future	of	our	country.	She	is	ill-fit	with	bad	judgment.																																							
just	another	Hillary	Clinton	failure.	It	justnever	seems	to	work	the	way	it's	supposed	to	with	Clinton.																																					
out	-	2nd	video	on	Lying	Crooked	Hillary	is	now	online!	Watch	it	here:	https://t.co/5mtwkOvQnd	#CrookedHillary	#Trump2016																																					
all	negative	when	it	comes	to	me.	I	don't	watch	it	anymore.																																										
is	unrelenting.	They	will	only	go	with	and	report	a	story	in	a	negative	light.	I	called	Brexit	(Hillary	was	wrong)	watch	November																															
is	wheeling	out	one	of	the	least	productive	senators	in	the	U.S.	Senate	goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	who	lied	on	heritage.																																		
poll	done	by	@ABC	@washingtonpost	is	a	disgrace.	Even	they	admit	that	many	more	Democrats	were	polled.	Other	polls	were	good.																																	
Attacks	Foreign	Government	Donations	-	While	Ignoring	Her	Own:	https://t.co/pr3BSHJSxL																																												
Clinton	got	Brexit	wrong.	I	said	LEAVE	will	win.	She	has	no	sense	of	markets	and	such	bad	judgement.	Only	a	question	of	time																														
is	not	a	change	agent	just	the	same	old	status	quo!	She	is	spending	a	fortune	I	am	spending	very	little.	Close	in	polls!																														
our	country	want	borders	and	without	them	the	old	line	pols	like	Crooked	Hillary	will	not	win.	It	is	time	for	CHANGE	--	and	JOBS!																													
Facts	About	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	From	Trump	'Stakes	Of	The	Election'	Address:	https://t.co/lfUdXYnsgJ																																									
poll	sample	is	heavy	on	Democrats.		Very	dishonest	-	why	would	they	do	that?	Other	polls	good!																																				
just	took	a	major	ad	of	me	playing	golf	at	Turnberry.	Shows	me	hitting	shot	but	I	never	did	=	lie!	Was	there	to	support	son																												
trying	to	wash	away	her	bad	judgement	call	on	BREXIT	with	big	dollar	ads.	Disgraceful!																																							
Clinton	who	called	BREXIT	100%	wrong	(along	with	Obama)	is	now	spending	Wall	Street	money	on	an	ad	on	my	correct	call.																																
one	of	the	most	overrated	political	pundits	(who	lost	his	way	long	ago)	has	left	the	Republican	Party.He's	made	many	bad	calls																																
in	New	York	-	a	one	night	stay	in	Scotland.	Turnberry	came	out	magnificently.	My	son	Eric	did	a	great	job	-	under	budget!																														
blocked	ICE	officers	and	BP	from	doing	their	jobs.	That	ends	when	I	am	President!																																							
never	liked	the	media	term	'mass	deportation'	--	but	we	must	enforce	the	laws	of	the	land!																																					
want	to	admit	those	who	love	our	people	and	support	our	values.	#AmericaFirst																																									
suspend	immigration	from	regions	linked	with	terrorism	until	a	proven	vetting	method	is	in	place.																																							
to	everyone	who	came	out	&amp;	joined	us	@TrumpTurnberry	yesterday!	@EricTrump	@IvankaTrump	@DonaldJTrumpJr	https://t.co/hQ1JTMrUtG																																								
13th	tee	box	@TrumpScotland	with	my	grand	daughter	Kai!	@DonaldJTrumpJr	https://t.co/7ii4KUfsab																																											
with	@DonaldJTrumpJr	&amp;	@EricTrump.	Back	to	New	York	tonight.	Video:	https://t.co/2GUKqOTHS5																																											
Crooked	Hillary	called	BREXIT	so	incorrectly	and	now	she	says	that	she	is	the	one	to	deal	with	the	U.K.	All	talk	no	action!																														
prayers	are	with	everyone	in	West	Virginia-	dealing	with	the	devastating	floods.	#ImWithYou																																									
are	equating	BREXIT	and	what	is	going	on	in	Great	Britain	with	what	is	happening	in	the	U.S.	People	want	their	country	back!																															
of	Trump	Turnberry	in	Scotland	was	a	big	success.	Good	timing	I	was	here	for	BREXIT.	Very	exciting	news	conference	today!																																	
called	it	totally	wrong	on	BREXIT	-	she	went	with	Obama	-	and	now	she	is	saying	we	need	her	to	lead.	She	would	be	a	disaster																											
all	Americans	to	succeed	together.	President	Obama's	illegal	executive	amnesty	undermines	job	prospects	for...https://t.co/dpIDejXzJw																																								
data	by	the	Center	for	Immigration	Studies	shows	more	than	3M	new	legal	&amp;	illegal	immigrants	settled..https://t.co/hMFyZc1kAM																																					
proud	to	stand	shoulder-to-shoulder	w/a	free	&amp;	ind	UK.	We	stand	together	as	friends	as	allies	&amp;	as	a	people	w/a	shared	history.																															
the	sacred	right	of	all	free	people's	and	the	people	of	the	UK	have	exercised	that	right	for	all	the	world	to	see.																															
to	open	the	magnificent	Turnberry	in	Scotland.	What	a	great	day	especially	when	added	to	the	brave	&amp;	brilliant	vote.																																		
British	Referendum	on	E.U.	Membershiphttps://t.co/GwWRxT3BVp																																																	
in	Scotland.	Place	is	going	wild	over	the	vote.	They	took	their	country	back	just	like	we	will	take	America	back.	No	games!																															
my	son	Eric	on	the	fantastic	job	he	has	done	in	rebuilding	Turnberry	and	its	great	Ailsa	Course.	Always	support	kids!																																	
for	a	one	night	trip	to	Scotland	in	order	to	be	at	the	Grand	Opening	of	my	great	Turnberry	Resort.	Will	be	back	on	Sat.	night!																												
amazing	mother	whose	letter	I	read	during	my	speech.	She	lost	her	son	to	policies	supported	by	Clinton.	https://t.co/NdGQI6Dnji																																			
full	statement	here	on	the	Supreme	Court's	executive	amnesty	decision	#imwithyou	https://t.co/sb1Ag1Eb27																																										
another	CNN	lie.	The	Clinton	News	Network	is	losing	all	credibility.	I’m	not	watching	it	much	anymore.		https://t.co/pNSgSjD5gW																																			
is	totally	biased	in	favor	of	Clinton	should	apologize.	They	knew	they	were	wrong.		https://t.co/KR7OnS8h6s																																						
cities	have	been	left	behind.	We	will	never	have	the	resources	to	support	our	people	if	we	have	an	open	border.																																	
I’m	consulting	with	our	immigration	officers&amp;	our	wage-earners.	Hillary	Clinton	is	consulting	with	Wall	Street.																																							
Clinton	should	stop	meeting	with	special	interests	&amp;	start	meeting	with	the	victims	of	illegal	immigration.																																						
open	borders	are	tearing	American	families	apart.	I	am	going	to	make	our	country	Safe	Again	for	all	Americans.	#Imwithyou																																		
kept	us	safe	from	exec	amnesty--for	now.	But	Hillary	has	pledged	to	expand	it	taking	jobs	from	Hispanic	&amp;	African-American	workers.																																	
to	Benghazi	Families#CrookedHillary	https://t.co/YWd5lk5skG																																																		
us	today	because	of	the	decisions	Hillary	Clinton	has	made	along	with	President	Obama."		--		Donald	J.	Trump																																		
--			Donald	J.	Trump																																																
to	Donald	Rumsfeld	for	the	endorsement.	Very	much	appreciated.	Clinton's	conduct	has	been	disqualifying.																																								
https://t.co/5EZ7X1ZZKh																																																					
																																																					
things	can't	change.	I	say	they	have	to	change.	It's	a	choice	between	Americanism	and	her	corrupt	globalism.	#Imwithyou																																			
refuses	to	say	that	she	will	be	raising	taxes	beyond	belief!	She	will	be	a	disaster	for	jobs	and	the	economy!																																	
be	interviewed	by	@LouDobbs	tonight	on	@FoxBusiness	7pm	ET																																													
America	as	Secy	of	State.	She	used	it	as	a	personal	hedge	fund	to	get	herself	rich!	Corrupt	dangerous	dishonest.																																		
want	to	know	about	Hillary	Clinton's	honesty	&amp;	judgment	ask	the	family	of	Ambassador	Stevens.																																							
money	and	did	favors	for	regimes	that	enslave	women	and	murder	gays.																																										
the,king,of,debt.That	has	been	great	for	me	as	a	businessman	but	is	bad	for	the	country.	I	made	a	fortune	off	of	debt	will	fix	U.S.																													
$10T	in	debt	and	turned	it	into	nearly	$20T.		They	have	bankrupted…	https://t.co/1COtt0RPY7																																								
open	borders	immigration	policies	will	drive	down	wages	for	all	Americans	-	and	make	everyone	less	safe.																																					
Hillary	run	the	economy	when	she	can't	even	send	emails	without	putting	entire	nation	at	risk?																																						
surged	the	trade	deficit	with	China	40%	asSecretary	of	State	costing	Americans	millions	of	jobs.																																							
this	election	is	about	judgment.		She's	right.		Her	judgement	has	killed	thousands	unleashed	ISIS	and	wrecked	the	economy.																																		
be	making	a	big	speech	tomorrow	to	discuss	the	failed	policies	and	bad	judgment	of	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.																																				
Clinton	is	totally	unfit	to	be	our	president-really	bad	judgement	and	a	temperament	according	to	new	book	which	is	a	mess!																																	
said	that	if	within	the	Orlando	club	you	had	some	people	with	guns	I	was	obviously	talking	about	additional	guards	or	employees																																
are	so	proud	of	you	Dustin.	Your	reaction	under	pressure	was	amazing.	First	of	many	Majors.	You	are	a	TRUE	CHAMPION!																																	
@NYTimes	fraudulently	shows	an	empty	room	prior	to	my	speech	when	in	fact	it	was	packed!	https://t.co/iFuf8MdTEH																																					
the	NY	Times	show	an	empty	room	hours	before	my	speech	even	started	when	they	knew	it	was	going	to	be	packed?	So	totally	dishonest!																													
Speech	Is	a	Game	Changer.	#Trump2016https://t.co/VXjtSivvuU	https://t.co/dIK3IyrYGC																																															
soon	Arizona!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/W4z2eW5ay4																																																		
you	Arizona!	Thank	you!#Trump2016	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/QuTsSmeVdO																																																
GREAT	AGAIN!	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AGAIN!#Trump2016	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/vN4K8FvQNT																																														
Las	Vegas	Nevada!#Trump2016	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/vhGwmhGCVR	https://t.co/m1EIra7YMU																																																
Vegas	getting	ready	to	speak!																																																	
in	Phoenix	Arizona	today	at	4pm!	#Trump2016	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK	https://t.co/hSaIurAfvD																																												
Houston	Texas!	#AmericaFirst	#Trump2016	https://t.co/593p8uRPhq																																																	
#AmericaFirst		https://t.co/TZf8uwQO4L																																																			
in	Cleveland	will	be	amazing!		https://t.co/NlF2Gcr915																																															
on	my	way!		https://t.co/uTCXPbWpve																																																	
@DallasPD!		https://t.co/ORJyN4FsNI																																																			
in	Phoenix	Arizona	tomorrow	at	4pm!	#Trump2016	#AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK	https://t.co/B51r30Mazd																																													
#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/qp07UfnnjM																																																				
GREAT	AGAIN!	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AGAIN!																																																
unhappy	with	Crooked	Hillary	and	Obama	on	JOBS	and	SAFETY!	Biggest	trade	deficit	in	many	years!	More	attacks	will	follow	Orlando																																	
last	night	in	Dallas	-	more	spirit	and	passion	than	ever	before.	Today	all	over	the	great	State	of	Texas!																																		
Dallas	Texas!	https://t.co/ui9tSfMcS8	https://t.co/2iYArmM7oN																																																		
Vegas	NVhttps://t.co/ksU8AGrFBSPhoenix	AZ:https://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK	https://t.co/2ToWwthEeF																																																		
in	Houston	Texas	tomorrow	night	at	7pm!	Tickets:	https://t.co/nvHRnfzEbH	https://t.co/Yd3f8xLpPl																																												
https://t.co/J777QHdYa3																																																					
deficit	rose	to	a	7yr	high	thanks	to	horrible	trade	policies	Clinton	supports.	I	will	fix	it	fast-	JOBS!	https://t.co/jaGeN4u50U																																		
8	miles	from	U.S.	-	Mexico	border.	#Trump2016	Video:	https://t.co/pQ4nSTnVrK	https://t.co/dKBTP1QjH3																																											
be	interviewed	on	@greta	at	7:00	P.M.		@FoxNews																																													
accurate	story	from	the	Washington	Post!https://t.co/0nNKEBSd73																																																
in	Dallas	Texas	on	Thursday!#AmericaFirst	#Trump2016	https://t.co/fX0kXZUNqz	https://t.co/c7sCbHDAQh																																														
Atlanta	Georgia!	Will	be	back	soon!	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/cVJvfcoGOt																																														
be	meeting	with	the	NRA	who	has	endorsed	me	about	not	allowing	people	on	the	terrorist	watch	list	or	the	no	fly	list	to	buy	guns.																												
is	so	totally	biased	that	we	have	no	choice	but	to	take	our	tough	but	fair	and	smart	message	directly	to	the	people!																															
fell	all	over	themselves	criticizing	what	DonaldTrump	may,have,insinuated,about,@POTUS.	But	he's	right:	https://t.co/bIIdYtvZYw																																										
Greensboro	North	Carolina!	Will	be	back	soon!	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/R29WMGNLGG																																													
CAROLINA:https://t.co/UolRS3aT6WWEDNESDAY!	GEORGIA:https://t.co/1JJ2Kn0aniSATURDAY!	NEVADA:https://t.co/x3w1PHtLXP																																																			
BIRTHDAY	to	the	@USArmy!	THANK	YOU!	https://t.co/mXsxkfcstC																																															
to	the	LGBT	community!	I	will	fight	for	you	while	Hillary	brings	in	more	people	that	will	threaten	your	freedoms	and	beliefs.																																
																																																					
now	get	very	tough	very	smart	and	very	vigilant.	We	cannot	admit	people	into	our	country	without	extraordinary	screening.																																			
in	Atlanta	on	Wednesday-	at	noon!	#Trump2016Tickets:	https://t.co/1JJ2Kn0ani	https://t.co/cyARlHSEFU																																													
says	we	must	call	on	Saudi	Arabia	and	other	countries	to	stop	funding	hate.	I	am	calling	on-	cont'd:	https://t.co/T1fVcu3mEC																																		
and	many	of	the	countries	that	gave	vast	amounts	of	money	to	the	Clinton	Foundation-	cont'd:	https://t.co/t31ReRSzzy																																					
people	weren’t	celebrating?	They	were	cheering	all	over	even	this	savage	from	Orlando.	I	was	right.	https://t.co/DrVa65X9rI																																					
speech	on	protecting	America	I	spoke	about	a	temporary	ban	which	includes	suspending	immigration	from	nations	tied	to	Islamic	terror.																																		
the	incredibly	inaccurate	coverage	and	reporting	of	the	record	setting	Trump	campaign	we	are	hereby:		https://t.co/THKJwjNkaz																																					
no	fan	of	President	Obama	but	to	show	you	how	dishonest	the	phony	Washington	Post	is:	https://t.co/cITm8BPixD																																					
AND	NATIONAL	SECURITY	SPEECH-	TRANSCRIPT:	https://t.co/WD1LGFKx3M	https://t.co/T7yHSdCeU8																																															
the	2016	#StanleyCup	Champions	Pittsburgh	@Penguins!																																																
watching	@FoxNews	and	how	fairly	they	are	treating	me	and	my	words	and	@CNN	and	the	total	distortion	of	my	words	and	what	I	am	saying																												
be	going	to	New	Hampshire	today	home	of	my	first	primary	victory	to	discuss	terror	and	the	horrible	events	of	yesterday.	2:30	P.M.																															
been	hitting	Obama	and	Crooked	Hillary	hard	on	not	using	the	term	Radical	Islamic	Terror.	Hillary	just	broke-said	she	would	now	use!																																
happened	in	Orlando	is	just	the	beginning.	Our	leadership	is	weak	and	ineffective.	I	called	it	and	asked	for	the	ban.	Must	be	tough																														
Orlando	killer	shouted	Allah,hu,Akbar!	as	he	slaughtered	clubgoers.	2nd	man	arrested	in	LA	with	rifles	near	Gay	parade.																																				
Obama	going	to	finally	mention	the	words	radical	Islamic	terrorism?	If	he	doesn't	he	should	immediately	resign	in	disgrace!																																			
congrats	for	being	right	on	radical	Islamic	terrorism	I	don't	want	congrats	I	want	toughness	&amp;	vigilance.	We	must	be	smart!																																	
in	FL.	Praying	for	all	the	victims	&amp;	their	families.	When	will	this	stop?	When	will	we	get	tough	smart	&amp;	vigilant?																																
a	FALSE	ad	about	me	where	I	was	imitating	a	reporter	GROVELING	after	he	changed	his	story.	I	would	NEVER	mock	disabled.	Shame!																															
shooting	in	Orlando.	Police	investigating	possible	terrorism.	Many	people	dead	and	wounded.																																										
Warren	sometimes	referred	to	as	Pocahontas	pretended	to	be	a	Native	American	in	order	to	advance	her	career.	Very	racist!																																		
was	a	great	young	man.	We	will	miss	him	dearly.	https://t.co/R0tm44nMao																																											
on	Tuesday-	in	Greensboro	North	Carolina!	#Trump2016	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/iaL5IGTfV3																																													
Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania!	Will	be	back	soon!	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/ttLMgInkdA																																														
to	our	amazing	law	enforcement	officers!	#AmericaFirst	https://t.co/qWaTT9jsQD																																														
Tampa	Florida!#AmericaFirst	#TrumpTrain	https://t.co/fY4QVoSSfj																																																		
@USATODAY	did	article	saying	I	don't	pay	bills-	FALSE	only	don't	pay	when	work	is	shoddy	bad	or	not	done!	They	should	do	same!																														
Florida-	thank	you	to	all	of	our	outstanding	volunteers	who	want	to	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/04qqpGylT7																																								
and	so	many	other	African	Americans	who	know	me	well	and	endorsed	me	would	not	have	done	so	if	they	thought	I	was	a	racist!																													
had	his	chance	to	beat	a	failed	president	but	he	choked	like	a	dog.	Now	he	calls	me	racist-but	I	am	least	racist	person	there	is																												
Richmond	Virginia!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/SxU4yzCLQf																																																		
@FaithandFreedom	Coalition!	An	honor	joining	you	today-	to	discuss	our	shared	values.#RTM2016	#Trump2016	https://t.co/Ye6IhOW6ZM																																								
Richmond	Virginia	now.	Join	me	tonight!	#Trump2016Tickets:	https://t.co/I2CJSqiKGN																																														
https://t.co/pvrBb7v4NG																																																					
agree	with	President	Obama-	however	he	is	100%	correct	about	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	Great	ad!https://t.co/aOvVsZfAW3																																							
describing	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	as	a	Corporate	Donor	Puppet.	Time	for	change!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/rZ1MqUzpKU																																								
D.C.	to	speak	at	Faith	and	Freedom	Coalition	and	visit	OPO.																																											
																																																					
boxing	promoter	Don	King	just	endorsed	me.	Nice!																																														
6/10:	Richmond	VA	-	8pm6/11:	Tampa	FL	-	11am6/11:	Pittsburgh	PA	-	3pm6/13:	Portsmouth	NH	-	2:30pmhttps://t.co/kv624y9UOm																																					
at	it	again!	Goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	one	of	the	least	productive	U.S.	Senators	has	a	nasty	mouth.	Hope	she	is	V.P.	choice.																																
#Trump20166/10:	Richmondhttps://t.co/I2CJSqAlyl6/11:	Tampahttps://t.co/6jk33orxXG6/11:	Pittsburghhttps://t.co/bwgL1ZXtC7																																																		
Roseanne	very	much	appreciated.	https://t.co/COXEJ1In8D																																																	
did	it	take	your	staff	of	823	people	to	think	that	up--and	where	are	your	33000	emails	that	you	deleted?	https://t.co/gECLNtQizQ																																	
of	condolences	and	support	regarding	the	terrorist	attacks	in	Tel	Aviv:	https://t.co/iulXLEANei																																										
endorsed	Crooked	Hillary.	He	wants	four	more	years	of	Obama—but	nobody	else	does!																																									
Clinton	will	be	a	disaster	on	jobs	the	economy	trade	healthcare	the	military	guns	and	just	about	all	else.	Obama	plus!																																	
the	media	is	very	much	against	me.	Their	dishonesty	is	amazing	but	just	like	our	big	wins	in	the	primaries	we	will	win!																															
must	really	dislike	Crooked	Hillary	after	the	way	she	played	him.	Many	of	his	supporters	because	of	trade	will	come	to	me.																																
have	had	many	millions	of	votes	more	than	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	except	for	the	fact	that	I	had	16	opponents	she	had	one!																															
GREAT	AGAIN!#AmericaFirst	#Trump2016	https://t.co/42OpVsjXjp																																																		
watching	@Morning_Joe	anymore.	Gone	off	the	deep	end	-	bad	ratings.	You	won't	believe	what	I	am	watching	now!																																			
to	all	for	your	wonderful	comments	on	my	speech.	I	could	feel	the	electricity	in	thr	air.	Great	reviews	-	most	votes	ever	recieved																														
California!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/GusL2UPrX2	https://t.co/H6D25S1TR5																																																		
New	Mexico!	#Trump2016https://t.co/wNOY8Pc2kM	https://t.co/osWzVxNkJx																																																		
South	Dakota!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/GbRTQdxIj4	https://t.co/pNqwOrY0ZB																																																	
New	Jersey!	#Trump2016https://t.co/PgIYkHLGtI	https://t.co/MyJMOKdpJ9																																																		
Montana!	#Trump2016https://t.co/rOvTapLnWG	https://t.co/PyHiy7vjO6																																																			
be	speaking	about	our	great	journey	to	the	Republican	nomination	at	9:00	P.M.	The	movement	toward	a	country	that	WINS	again	continues																																
be	interviewed	tonight	on	@seanhannity	-	Enjoy!		10:00	P.M.																																												
Together	we	will	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/7Jk6voyzue																																																	
out	book	Secret	Service	Agent	Gary	Byrne	doesn't	believe	that	Crooked	Hillary	has	the	temperament	or	integrity	to	be	the	president!																																	
Secret	Service	Agent	for	President	Clinton	excoriates	Crooked	Hillary	describing	her	as	ERRATIC	&amp;	VIOLENT.	Bad	temperament	for	pres																																			
I	said	NATO	was	obsolete	because	of	no	terrorism	protection	they	made	the	change	without	giving	me	credit.https://t.co/sRCF1H3rjg																																				
Diamond	and	Silk!	https://t.co/qdsLUy2hqD																																																		
fallen	heroes	on	#DDay	-	June	6	1944	https://t.co/od7vsDMlHY																																													
getting	bad	marks	from	certain	pundits	because	I	have	a	small	campaign	staff.	But	small	is	good	flexible	save	money	and	number	one!																															
blow	to	Obama's	message	-	only	38000	new	jobs	for	month	in	just	issued	jobs	report.	That's	REALLY	bad!																																			
is	being	badly	criticized	(for	a	Wall	Street	paid	for	ad)	by	PolitiFact	for	a	FALSE	ad	on	me	on	women.	She	is	a	total	fraud!																												
Clinton	has	not	held	a	news	conference	in	more	than	7	months.	Her	record	is	so	bad	she	is	unable	to	answer	tough	questions!																														
I	have	been	able	to	spend	far	less	money	than		others	on	the	campaign	and	finish	#1	so	too	should	our	country.	We	can	be	great!																											
@KatyTurNBC	report	on	my	campaign	but	have	zero	access.	They	say	what	they	want	without	any	knowledge.True	of	so	much	of	media!																																
is	unfit	to	be	president.	She	has	bad	judgement	poor	leadership	skills	and	a	very	bad	and	destructive	track	record.	Change!																																	
watching	@CNN	very	little	lately	because	they	are	so	biased	against	me.	Shows	are	predictable	garbage!	CNN	and	MSM	is	one	big	lie!																															
News	Network	sometimes	referred	to	as	@CNN	is	getting	more	and	more	biased.They	act	so	indignant-hear	them	behind	closed	doors																																		
Attorney	General	Gonzales	so	many	people	feel	this	way.	https://t.co/fMR8YYiiMz																																												
had	the	worst	jobs	report	since	2010																																															
of	San	Jose	did	a	terrible	job	of	ordering	the		protection	of	innocent	people.	The	thugs	were	lucky	supporters	remained	peaceful!																																
the	thugs	that	attacked	the	peaceful	Trump	supporters	in	San	Jose	were	illegals.	They	burned	the	American	flag	and	laughed	at	police																																
is	dead	at	74!	A	truly	great	champion	and	a	wonderful	guy.	He	will	be	missed	by	all!																																				
Redding	California!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#CAPrimary	https://t.co/nFiydpTpPn																																																		
in	San	Jose	other	than	the	thugs.	My	supporters	are	far	tougher	if	they	want	to	be	but	fortunately	they	are	not	hostile.																															
interest	in	my	visit	to	Scotland!	I	greatly	look	forward	to	attending	the	opening	event	@TrumpTurnberry-	taking	place	on	June	24th.																																	
																																																					
Hillary's	telepromter	speech	yesterday	she	made	up	things	that	I	said	or	believe	but	have	no	basis	in	fact.	Not	honest!																																	
watch	or	do	@Morning_Joe	anymore.	Small	audience	low	ratings!	I	hear	Mika	has	gone	wild	with	hate.	Joe	is	Joe.	They	lost	their	way!																														
night	in	San	Jose	was	great.	Tremendous	love	and	enthusiasm	in	the	hall.	Big	crowd.	Outside	small	group	of	thugs	burned	Am	flag!																															
report	just	reported.	Only	38000	jobs	added.	Bombshell!																																														
June	25th-	back	to	the	USA	to	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																											
I	will	visit	@TrumpDoonbeg	in	Ireland	the	magnificent	resort	fronting	on	the	Atlantic	Ocean.																																								
I	will	be	visiting	Aberdeen	the	oil	capital	of	Europe	to	see	my	great	club	@TrumpScotland.																																						
22-	I	will	be	going	to	Scotland	to	celebrate	the	opening	of	the	newly	renovated	@TrumpTurnberry	Resort	the	worlds	best.																																		
in	Redding	California-	tomorrow	at	1:00pm.	#Trump2016Tickets:	https://t.co/tyllhxJHC7																																														
you	for	the	nice	piece	in	@SInow	/	@Golf_com.Keep	up	the	great	work!	https://t.co/JCZPCFx10X																																								
increase	in	Texas	Blue	Cross/Blue	Shield	through	ObamaCare.	I	told	you	so	there	is	panic	and	anger	as	healthcare	costs	explode!																																	
to	have	the	endorsement	and	support	of	Paul	Ryan.	We	will	both	be	working	very	hard	to	Make	America	Great	Again!																																	
by	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton!	Reading	poorly	from	the	telepromter!	She	doesn't	even	look	presidential!																																								
no	longer	has	credibility	-	too	much	failure	in	office.	People	will	not	allow	another	four	years	of	incompetence!																																			
Clinton	who	I	would	love	to	call	Lyin'	Hillary	is	getting	ready	to	totally	misrepresent	my	foreign	policy	positions.																																			
litigation	is	disposed	of	and	the	case	won	I	have	instructed	my	execs	to	open	Trump	U(?)	so	much	interest	in	it!	I	will	be	pres.																												
I	have	a	very	biased	and	unfair	judge	in	the	Trump	U	civil	case	in	San	Diego	I	have	thousands	of	great	reviews	&amp;	will	win	case!																											
of	the	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton's	foreign	policy	experience	she	has	made	so	many	mistakes	-	and	I	mean	real	monsters!	No	more	HRC.																															
in	San	Jose	California-	tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016Tickets:	https://t.co/jLQukR550J	https://t.co/OrEhKJZ5Rd																																														
Today	did	todays	cover	story	on	my	record	in	lawsuits.	Verdict:	450	wins	38	losses.	Isn't	that	what	you	want	for	your	president?																															
ever	notice	that	@CNN	gives	me	very	little	proper	representation	on	my	policies.	Just	watched-nobody	knew	anything	about	my	foreign	P																																	
was	right	when	he	said	that	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	was	not	qualified	to	be	president	because	she	suffers	from	BAD	judgement!																																	
Clinton	has	zero	natural	talent	-	she	should	not	be	president.	Her	temperament	is	bad	and	her	decision	making	ability-zilch!																																		
Sacramento	California!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/t75Zxn9L6f																																																		
@nytimes	reporter	who	wrote	discredited	women's	story	last	week	wrote	another	terrible	story	on	me	today-	will	never	learn!																																			
Clinton	is	a	fraud	who	has	put	the	public	and	country	at	risk	by	her	illegal	and	very	stupid	use	of	e-mails.	Many	missing!																														
in	San	Jose	California-	tomorrow	evening	at	7pm!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/jLQukR550J	https://t.co/Uds8OdH3A4																																											
raised/gave	$5,600,000 	for	the	veterans	and	the	media	makes	me	look	bad!	They	do	anything	to	belittle	-	totally	biased.																																		
@seanhannity	on	his	tremendous	increase	in	television	ratings.	Speaking	of	ratings-	I	will	be	on	his	show	tonight	@	10pE.																																		
getting	great	credit	for	my	press	conference	today.	Crooked	Hillary	should	be	admonished	for	not	having	a	press	conference	in	179	days.																																
the	third	rate	reporter	who	has	been	largely	forgotten	should	be	ashamed	of	herself	for	the	fraudulent	editing	of	her	doc.																																	
be	interviewed	on	@seanhannity	tonight	at	10pmE	on	@FoxNews.	Enjoy!																																												
in	Sacramento	California-tomorrow	evening	@	7pm!	#Trump2016https://t.co/W7xy7eXcii	https://t.co/km0rRYSDnO																																														
veterans	groups	are	beyond	happy	with	all	of	the	money	I	raised/gave!	It	was	my	great	honor	-	they	do	an	amazing	job.																															
a	press	conference	in	Trump	Tower	wherein	I	gave	information	on	which	VETERANS	groups	got	the	$5,600,000 	that	I	raised/gave!																																		
raised/given	a	tremendous	amount	of	money	to	our	great	VETERANS	and	have	got	nothing	but	bad	publicity	for	doing	so.	Watch!																																	
great	things	happening	-	new	poll	numbers	looking	good!	News	conference	at	11:00	A.M.	today	Trump	Tower!																																					
have	easily	won	the	Trump	University	case	on	summary	judgement	but	have	a	judge	Gonzalo	Curiel	who	is	totally	biased	against	me.																																
a	judge	in	the	Trump	University	civil	case	Gonzalo	Curiel	(San	Diego)	who	is	very	unfair.	An	Obama	pick.	Totally	biased-hates	Trump																																
everyone	had	a	great	Memorial	Day!																																																
have	had	millions	of	votes	more	in	the	primaries	(than	Crooked	Hillary)	if	I	only	had	one	opponent	instead	of	sixteen.	Broke	record																															
great	Memorial	Day	and	remember	that	we	will	soon	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																									
of	me	by	the	16500	Border	Patrol	Agents	was	the	first	time	that	they	ever	endorsed	a	presidential	candidate.	Nice!																																		
the	endorsement	of	the	16500	Border	Patrol	Agents	(thank	you)	the	statement	was	made	that	the	WALL	was	very	necessary!																																		
a	WALL	at	our	southern	border	won't	enhance	our	security	(wrong)	and	yet	he	now	wants	to	build	a	much	bigger	wall	(fence)	at	W.H.																													
Bill	Kristol	actually	does	get	a	spoiler	to	run	as	an	Independent	say	good	bye	to	the	Supreme	Court!																																			
Party	has	to	be	smart	&amp;	strong	if	it	wants	to	win	in	November.	Can't	allow	lightweights	to	set	up	a	spoiler	Indie	candidate!																														
has	been	wrong	for	2yrs-an	embarrassed	loser	but	if	the	GOP	can't	control	their	own	then	they	are	not	a	party.	Be	tough	R's!																														
is	that	my	campaign	has	perhaps	more	cash	than	any	campaign	in	the	history	of	politics-	b/c	I	stand	100%	behind	everything	we	do.																														
D.C.	to	see	and	hear	ROLLING	THUNDER.	Amazing	people	that	LOVE	OUR	COUNTRY.	Great	spirit!																																							
Day	by	thinking	of	and	respecting	all	of	the	great	men	and	women	that	gave	their	lives	for	us	and	our	country!	We	love	them.																													
Obama	ever	discuss	the	sneak	attack	on	Pearl	Harbor	while	he's	in	Japan?	Thousands	of	American	lives	lost.	#MDW																																			
the	biased	and	phony	media	quoting	people	who	work	for	my	campaign.	The	only	quote	that	matters	is	a	quote	from	me!																																
always	on	the	front	page	of	the	failing	@nytimes	but	when	I	won	the	GOP	nomination	I'm	in	the	back	of	the	paper.	Very	dishonest!																													
is	on	a	new	phony	kick	about	my	management	style.	I	spend	much	less	money	&amp;	get	much	better	results!	What	we	need	as	Prez!																													
@nytimes	wrote	a	story	about	my	management	style	&amp;	that	I	don't	have	many	people.	I	have	73	Hillary	has	800-	&amp;	I'm	beating	her.																													
broke	the	all-time	record	for	most	votes	gotten	in	a	Republican	Primary	-	by	a	lot	-	and	with	many	states	left	to	go!	Thank	you.																												
has	69	treaties	with	other	countries	where	we	would	have	to	defend	them	and	their	borders.	How	nice	but	what	do	we	get?	NOT	ENOUGH																													
in	Fresno	California-	great	crowd!	Thank	you!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/TVSPvxOmve																																													
fails	to	screen	Syrian	refugees'	social	media	accounts:https://t.co/MMa07nwa44																																														
job	on	handling	the	thugs	who	tried	to	disrupt	our	very	peaceful	and	well	attended	rally.	Greatly	appreciated!																																				
@BillyJoel-	many	friends	just	told	me	you	gave	a	very	kind	shoutout	at	MSG.	Appreciate	it-	love	your	music!																																			
in	San	Diego	California!Thank	you!!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/1NRj3zCuui																																															
on	@oreillyfactor	tonight	a	big	special.	@FoxNews		at	8:00	P.M.	ENJOY!																																										
doing	a	major	special	on	@OreillyFactor	tonight-	@FoxNews	at	8pmE.	Watch	it	should	be	good!	#Trump2016																																						
FIRST	ENERGY	PLAN#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/kTi6e1zyNI	https://t.co/WjI8Rx11no																																																	
shows	that	@marcorubio	does	by	far	the	best	in	holding	onto	his	Senate	seat	in	Florida.	Important	to	keep	the	MAJORITY.	Run	Marco!																															
together	won	the	Republican	Nomination	for	President!	https://t.co/82l6TjA2lk																																														
@MELANIATRUMP	and	my	children	will	be	featured	on	@FoxNews	with	@Greta-	7pmE.	Enjoy!#MeetTheTrumps	#Trump2016																																								
#Trump2016	https://t.co/hPQJc7eor0																																																				
#Trump2016https://t.co/SPJfMFyPjU																																																					
it	offensive	that	Goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	sometimes	referred	to	as	Pocahontas	pretended	to	be	Native	American	to	get	in	Harvard.																																		
Mr.	&amp;	Mrs.	@TomBarrackJr	for	the	wonderful	and	magical	evening	last	night.	It	will	not	be	forgotten.	#Trump2016																																				
watched	you	on	@OutnumberedFNC-	thank	you!																																																
General's	report	on	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	is	a	disaster.	Such	bad	judgement	and	temperament	cannot	be	allowed	in	the	W.H.																																		
Anaheim	California!#Trump2016	https://t.co/AEShamhNVS																																																			
Washington!	Honored	to	say	on	behalf	of	our	great	movement	we	have	broken	the	all	time	record	for	votes	in	GOP	primary	history.																															
in	New	Mexico	were	thugs	who	were	flying	the	Mexican	flag.	The	rally	inside	was	big	and	beautiful	but	outside	criminals!																																	
Clinton	just	can't	close	the	deal	with	Bernie.	I	had	to	knock	out	16	very	good	and	smart	candidates.	Hillary	doesn't	have	it																															
Elizabeth	Warren	@elizabethforma	has	done	less	in	the	U.S.	Senate	than	practically	any	other	senator.	All	talk	no	action!																																			
Goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	sometimes	known	as	Pocahontas	bought	foreclosed	housing	and	made	a	quick	killing.	Total	hypocrite!																																					
Elizabeth	Warren	sometimes	referred	to	as	Pocahontas	because	she	faked	the	fact	she	is	native	American	is	a	lowlife!																																			
in	New	Mexico	amazing	crowd!	Now	in	L.A.	Big	rally	in	Anaheim.																																										
Washington!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/v9glTwj6gy																																																			
to	receive	today's	endorsement	of	@RickSantorum.	Really	nice!	#Trump2016																																													
w/	no	obligation	almost	$6M	for	Vets	I	couldn't	believe	protesters	formed	@	Trump	Tower.	JUST	OUT-	SENT	BY	CROOKED	HILLARY!																																	
@DailyMail-	for	setting	the	failing	@NYTimes	story	straight.	This	is	what	the	NYT's	should	have	written!	https://t.co/Feb6dhctQo																																					
for	the	dishonest	media-	https://t.co/zKyRwEaLmz																																																	
written	article	concerning	Israel	by	@JasonDovEsq	https://t.co/LZ9qWRYzdj																																															
new	book	has	been	written	about	Crooked	Hillary.	Read	it	&amp;	you	will	never	be	able	to	vote	for	her.	@Ed_Klein	https://t.co/ujDwSSFhbx																																
Clinton	overregulates	overtaxes	and	doesn't	care	about	jobs.	Most	importantly	she	suffers	from	plain	old	bad	judgement!																																					
released	my	financial	disclosure	forms	the	largest	numbers	in	the	history	of	the	F.E.C.	Even	the	dishonest	media	thinks	great!																																		
all	of	the	money	I	have	raised	for	the	vets	I	have	got	nothing	but	bad	publicity	from	the	dishonest	and	disgusting	media.																															
the	money	I	have	raised	for	our	veterans	has	already	been	distributed	with	the	rest	to	go	shortly	to	various	other	veteran	groups.																															
no	obligation	to	do	so	I	have	raised	between	5	&amp;	6	million	dollars	including	1million	dollars	from	me	for	our	VETERANS.	Nice!																															
in	California	or	Montana!5/25/16:	Anaheim	Californiahttps://t.co/mmPck1HYrC5/26/16:	Billings	Montanahttps://t.co/atvrCgjFDe																																														
be	interviewed	on	@oreillyfactor	at	8:00	P.M.	Enjoy!																																														
Secretary	just	said	we	shouldn't	measurewait	times.	Hillary	says	VA	problems	are	not	‘widespread.’	I	will	take	care	ofour	vets!																																		
really	protecting	women?	https://t.co/8ZtEIWNqz4																																																		
military	and	EVERYTHING	else	it	will	be	AMERICA	FIRST!	This	will	quickly	lead	to	our	ultimate	goal:	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																	
America!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/xfINxdRNiQ																																																			
people	are	sick	and	tired	of	not	being	able	to	lead	normal	lives	and	to	constantly	be	on	the	lookout	for	terror	and	terrorists!																														
is	continuing	his	quest	because	he	believes	that	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	will	be	forced	out	of	the	race	-	e-mail	scandal!																																	
on	Wednesday	May	25th	at	the	Anaheim	Convention	Center!#Trump2016	#MAGA	Tickets:	https://t.co/mmPck1HYrC	https://t.co/xGkVbxTamz																																									
wants	a	radical	500%	increase	in	Syrian	refugees.	We	can’t	allow	this.	Time	to	get	smart	and	protect	America!																																			
Crooked	Hillary	say	she	cares	about	women	when	she	is	silent	on	radical	Islam	which	horribly	oppresses	women?																																				
the	networks	continue	to	put	dopey	@BillKristol	on	panels	when	he	has	called	every	single	shot	about	me	wrong	for	2	yrs?																																
is	not	qualified	to	be	president	because	her	judgement	has	been	proven	to	be	so	bad!	Would	be	four	more	years	of	stupidity!																															
said	that	I		want	guns	brought	into	the	school	classroom.	Wrong!																																										
to	all	of	the	men	and	women	who	have	served	our	country.	You	are	our	TRUE	heroes!	#ArmedForcesDay	https://t.co/A3Wus0cRIO																																			
Clintons	foreign	interventions	unleashed	ISIS	in	Syria	Iraq	and	Libya.	She	is	reckless	and	dangerous!																																							
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/MAZK5bdZuD																																																			
so	negative	getting	even	worse	as	I	get	closer.	Just	had	two	anti-Trump	losers	with	zero	rebuttal	from	my	team.	Turning	off!																																
wants	to	get	rid	of	all	guns	and	yet	she	is	surrounded	by	bodyguards	who	are	fully	armed.	No	more	guns	to	protect	Hillary!																														
wonderful	president	was	out	playing	golf	all	day	the	TSA	is	falling	apart	just	like	our	government!	Airports	a	total	disaster!																																	
is	spending	tremendous	amounts	of	Wall	Street	money	on	FALSE	ads	against	me.	She	is	a	very	dishonest	person!																																			
Clinton	wants	to	essentially	abolish	the	2nd	Amendment.	No	gun	owner	can	ever	vote	for	Clinton!																																						
@TheTodaysGolfer	for	the	wonderful	statement	that	the,new,par,3,9th,hole,@Trump,Turnberry,could,be,the,most,dramatic,in,Britain.																																															
Colin	great	to	have	you	at	Trump	Turnberry.	So	proud	of	you	and	your	GREAT	playing!	You	made	winning	MAJORS	look	easy!																																
for	your	wonderful	endorsement	today	@TGowdySC.	It	means	a	great	deal	to	me.	We	will	not	disappoint!	#Trump2016																																				
in	Kentucky	with	Wayne	LaPierre	Chris	Cox	&amp;	the	@NRA!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/aJ7s0aqqj0																																									
An	honor	to	be	the	first	candidate	ever	endorsed	by	the	@NRA-	prior	to	@GOPconvention!	#Trump2016	#2A		https://t.co/ygLUAl7gzx																																			
will	always	take	a	good	story	about	me	and	make	it	bad.	Every	article	is	unfair	and	biased.	Very	sad!																																		
Trump,is,the,most,unpredictable,extraordinary,entertaining&amp;massively,popular,candidate,this,country,has,ever,seen.																																																					
Clinton-	discussing	the	#SecondAmendment	at	a	private	event.	#2A	cc:	@NRA	https://t.co/vV31Pbpkmn																																										
on	my	way!	See	you	all	soon!	https://t.co/Arw19Antpj																																														
Jason	Greenblatt	@JasonDovEsq	https://t.co/dQi3Cydckp																																																		
can't	even	close	the	deal	with	Bernie	-	and	the	Dems	have	it	rigged	in	favor	of	Hillary.	Four	more	years	of	this?	No	way!																													
Clinton	looks	presidential?	I	don't	think	so!	Four	more	years	of	Obama	and	our	country	will	never	come	back.	ISIS	LAUGHS!																																	
the	world	is	today	a	total	mess	and	ISIS	is	still	running	around	wild.	I	can	fix	it	fast	Hillary	has	no	chance!																															
has	zero	imagination	and	even	less	stamina.	ISIS	China	Russia	and	all	would	love	for	her	to	be	president.	4	more	years!																																
that	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	is	not,qualified	to	be	president	because	she	has	very,bad,judgement	-	Bernie	said	the	same	thing!																																			
@LtStevenLRogers.	We	will	respond	to	terrorism	with	strength	in	2017!https://t.co/Mk4YuuRf4s																																												
a	woman	is	Rowanne	Brewer	Lane	to	have	exposed	the	@nytimes	as	a	disgusting	fraud?		Thank	you	Rowanne.																																			
yet	another	terrorist	attack.	Airplane	departed	from	Paris.	When	will	we	get	tough	smart	and	vigilant?	Great	hate	and	sickness!																																		
of	potential	U.S.	Supreme	Court	Justices	was	very	well	recieved.	During	the	next	number	of	weeks	I	may	be	adding	to	the	list!																															
journalist	claims	that	I	made,a,pass	at	her	29	years	ago.	Never	happened!	Like	the	@nytimes	story	which	has	become	a	joke!																																	
https://t.co/YZAdAndKXv																																																					
Louisiana!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/u8hhrRRFMp																																																			
Arizona!	See	you	soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/IC3pe5lRAS																																																	
Clinton	supporter	@AlisonForKY	declare	Crooked	Hillary	winner	in	KY	when	AP	hasn't	even	called	the	race?																																						
is	being	treated	very	badly	by	the	Democrats	-	the	system	is	rigged	against	him.	Many	of	his	disenfranchised	fans	are	for	me!																															
the	dopey	@CNN	flunky	and	head	of	the	Pro-Hillary	Clinton	Super	PAC	has	knowingly	committed	fraud	in	his	first	ad	against	me.																																
THE	MOVEMENT	we	have	just	won	THE	GREAT	STATE	OF	OREGON.	The	vote	percentage	is	even	higher	than	anticipated!	Thank	you.																																	
Oregon!	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/hK1yqlp9ca																																																		
the	author	of	the	now	discredited	@nytimes	hit	piece	on	me	with	women	has	in	past	tweeted	badly	about	me.	He	should	resign																															
so	forward	to	debating	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton!	Democrat	Primaries	are	rigged	e-mail	investigation	is	rigged	-	so	time	to	get	it	on!																																
believe	that	@CNN	would	allow	the	very	nice	Jeffrey	Lord	to	be	savaged	by	a	panel	of	seven	Trump	haters.	7	to	1	-	Don't	watch	CNN!																											
is	it.	Well	done	Megyn	---	and	they	all	lived	happily	ever	after!	Now	let	us	all	see	how	THE,MOVEMENT	does	in	Oregon	tonight!																														
back	on	for	a	final	question	now!																																															
Michael	Douglas!																																																				
be	live	tweeting	@megynkelly	Show	in	10	minutes.	Should	be	interesting.	Will	be	on	Fox	Network!	ENJOY!																																					
paid	for	ad	is	a	fraud	just	like	Crooked	Hillary!	Their	main	line	had	nothing	to	do	with	women	and	they	knew	it.	Apologize?																														
think	Crooked	Hillary	will	finally	close	the	deal?	If	she	can't	win	Kentucky	she	should	drop	out	of	race.	System	rigged!																																	
be	live	tweeting	my	interview	with	@megynkelly	on	the	Fox	Network	tonight	at	8!	Enjoy!	https://t.co/nlJssZeIWm																																						
forward	to	watching	@megynkelly	tonight	8	PM	ET.	It	will	be	interesting	to	see	how	she	treats	me—I	think	she	will	be	very	fair.																														
Crooked	Hillary	put	her	husband	in	charge	of	the	economy	when	he	was	responsible	for	NAFTA	the	worst	economic	deal	in	U.S.	history?																															
said	her	husband	is	going	to	be	in	charge	of	the	economy.If	so	he	should	runnot	her.Will	he	bring	the	energizer	to	D.C.?																															
clerk's	offices	&amp;	185	ballot	drop	boxes	in	#ORPrimary!Closes	at	8pm!	https://t.co/ESGg1Qu68Shttps://t.co/TqcNAWjP5l																																										
can't	close	the	deal	with	Bernie	Sanders.	Will	be	another	bad	day	for	her!																																								
Crooked	Hillary	can	do	a	hit	ad	on	me	concerning	women	when	her	husband	was	the	WORST	abuser	of	woman	in	U.S.	political	history																														
voting	today.	Keep	the	big	numbers	going	-	VOTE	TRUMP!	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																								
Clinton	put	out	an	ad	where	I	am	misquoted	on	women.	Can't	believe	she	would	misrepresent	the	facts!	My	hit	was	on	China																															
new	hit	ad	against	me	misrepresents	the	final	line.	You,can,tell,them,to,go,BLANK,themselves	-	was	about	China	NOT	WOMEN!																																						
e-mails	were	deleted	by	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	She	said	they	had	to	do	with	a	wedding	reception.	Liar!	How	can	she	run?																																
Res	does	not	say	is	that	she	would	call	my	company	endlessly	and	for	years	trying	to	come	back.	I	said	no.																																
a	woman	named	Barbara	Res	a	top	N.Y.	construction	job	when	that	was	unheard	of	and	now	she	is	nasty.	So	much	for	a	nice	thank	you!																											
is	a	primary	reason	that	President	Obama	is	the	worst	president	in	U.S.	history!																																								
of	the	now	proven	FALSE	story	in	the	@nytimes	Michael	Barbaro	who	was	interviewed	on	CBS	this	morning	was	unable	to	respond.																																
women	were	interviewed	by	the	@nytimes	yet	they	only	wrote	about	6	That’s	because	there	were	so	many	positive	statements.																																		
the	@nytimes	is	failing—who	can	believe	what	they	write	after	the	FALSE	malicious	&amp;	libelous	story	they	did	on	me.																																		
@nytimes	is	greatly	embarrassed	by	the	totally	dishonest	story	they	did	on	my	relationship	with	women.																																						
the	most	prominently	depicted	woman	in	the	failing	@nytimes	story	yesterday	joined	@foxandfriends.	https://t.co/qkK3LJPoQQ																																								
Anthony	@Scaramucci	@WSJ	The,Entrepreneur's,Case,for,Trump		https://t.co/xm45Ia1GTu																																																
coming	forward	today	of	the	woman	central	to	the	failing	@nytimes	hit	piece	on	me	we	have	exposed	the	article	as	a	fraud!																															
commentator	for	@cnn	which	I	no	longer	watch	said	Trump,showed,some,weakness,in,the,Repub,Primaries.	I	set	all-time	record!																																								
Brewer	the	most	prominently	depicted	woman	in	the	failing	@nytimes	story	yesterday	was	on	@foxandfriends	saying	Times	lied																																				
is	so	dishonest.	Their	hit	piece	cover	story	on	me	yesterday	was	just	blown	up	by	Rowanne	Brewer	who	said	it	was	a	lie!																														
an	amazing	interview	on	@foxandfriends	-	I	hope	the	rest	of	the	media	picks	it	up	to	show	how	totally	dishonest	the	@nytimes	is!																														
is	being	treated	very	badly	by	the	Dems.	The	system	is	rigged	against	him.	He	should	run	as	an	independent!	Run	Bernie	run.																															
poll-	thank	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/SZyZ8GkF23																																																	
report	on	potential	VP	candidates	is	wrong.	Marco	Rubio	and	most	others	mentioned	are	NOT	under	consideration.																																					
Georgia!	See	you	soon!#Trump2016	https://t.co/8yFd6qA4rD																																																	
is	really	on	a	witch-hunt	against	me.	FALSE	reporting	and	plenty	of	it	-	but	we	will	prevail!																																				
the	failing	@nytimes	refuse	to	use	any	of	the	names	given	to	them	that	I	was	so	proud	to	have	helped	with	their	careers.	DISHONEST!																													
have	had	so	many	calls	from	high	ranking	people	laughing	at	the	stupidity	of	the	failing	@nytimes	piece.	Massive	front	page	for	that!																															
the	failing	@nytimes	write	the	real	story	on	the	Clintons	and	women?	The	media	is	TOTALLY	dishonest!																																					
laughing	at	the	@nytimes	for	the	lame	hit	piece	they	did	on	me	and	women.I	gave	them	many	names	of	women	I	helped-refused	to	use																													
@nytimes	wrote	yet	another	hit	piece	on	me.	All	are	impressed	with	how	nicely	I	have	treated	women	they	found	nothing.	A	joke!																															
for	the	nice	words	this	morning	@KellyRiddell.	Well	delivered	and	totally	logical!	@CNN			@FoxNews																																						
is	really	working	hard	to	make	me	look	as	bad		as	possible.	Very	unprofessional.	Hurting	in	ratings	-	bad	television!																																	
poll-	thank	you!	https://t.co/ytzesbCZas																																																		
Hillary	Clinton	can't	close	the	deal	on	Crazy	Bernie	how	is	she	going	to	take	on	China	Russia	ISIS	and	all	of	the	others?																														
honor	to	receive	the	endorsement	of	a	person	Ihave	such	tremendous	respect	for.	Thank	you	Sheldon!	https://t.co/nW0N3OO4mw																																					
Your	story	about	me	&amp;	the	carbon	tax	is	absolutely	incorrect—it	is	just	the	opposite.	I	will	not	support	or	endorse	a	carbon	tax!																														
Graham	called	me	yesterday	very	much	to	my	surprise	and	we	had	a	very	interesting	talk	about	national	security	and	more!																																	
with	@SenateMajLdr	Mitch	McConnell	and	Republican	leaders	in	D.C.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/R0NuOrZISX																																											
in	D.C.	with	@SpeakerRyan	and	Republican	leadership.	Things	working	out	really	well!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/hfHY9MdAc7																																								
were	up	to	goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	we’d	have	no	jobs	in	America—she	doesn’t	have	a	clue.																																						
I	told	@AP	that	my	taxes	are	under	routine	audit	and	I	would	release	my	tax	returns	when	audit	is	complete	not	after	election!																														
funny	when	a	failed	Senator	like	goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	can	spend	a	whole	day	tweeting	about	Trump	&amp;	gets	nothing	done	in	Senate?																															
Warren	lied	when	she	says	I	want	to	abolish	the	Federal	Minimum	Wage.	See	media—asking	for	increase!																																					
American	Senator	goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	couldn’t	care	less	about	the	American	worker…does	nothing	to	help!																																							
Warren	is	now	using	the	woman’s	card	like	her	friend	crooked	Hillary.	See	her	dumb	tweet	“when	a	woman	stands	up	to	you…”																															
people	of	Massachusetts	found	out	what	an	ineffective	Senator	goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	has	been	she	would	lose!																																					
https://t.co/hiDDT9hV0j																																																					
https://t.co/CLhqgybbYR																																																					
Warren	didn’t	have	the	guts	to	run	for	POTUS.	Her	phony	Native	American	heritage	stops	that	and	VP	cold.																																			
Warren	has	been	one	of	the	least	effective	Senators	in	the	entire	U.S.	Senate.	She	has	done	nothing!																																				
want	to	hit	Crazy	Bernie	Sanders	too	hard	yet	because	I	love	watching	what	he	is	doing	to	Crooked	Hillary.	His	time	will	come!																														
in	West	Virginia	and	Nebraska.	Get	ready	for	November	-	Crooked	Hillary	who	is	looking	very	bad	against	Crazy	Bernie	will	lose!																																
Nebraska!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/RRma61oisz																																																			
West	Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/iCGcF21fWY																																																		
spend	millions	on	negative	ads	on	me	&amp;	I	can’t	tell	the	truth	about	her	husband?	Don’t	feel	sorry	for	crooked	Hillary!																																
bad	judgment!	https://t.co/LhcIU6kmxs																																																			
so	great	being	in	Nebraska	last	week.	Today	is	the	big	day--get	out	and	vote!																																							
very	much	forward	to	meeting	w/Paul	Ryan	&amp;	the	GOP	Party	Leadership	on	Thurs	in	DC.	Together	we	will	beat	the	Dems	at	all	levels!																													
and	Jason	Greenblatt		Donald,Trump,is,a,Visionary,With,Talents,Our,Country,Needs	@JasonDovEsq			https://t.co/lEGJyAinUh																																													
#VoteTrump	TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/pndaZjsruy																																																			
TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/hGbesTbQci																																																				
only	the	people	that	were	never	asked	to	be	VP	that	tell	the	press	that	they	will	not	take	the	position.																																	
Rosie	O'Donnell	who	ate	the	cake	in	the	vicious	Hillary	commercial	about	me	not	Crooked	Hillary!	@marthamaccallum																																					
the	media	with	a	strong	push	from	Crooked	Hillary	keep	pushing	the	FALSE	narrative	that	I	want	to	raise	taxes.	Exactly	opposite!																																
	Great	job	on	@foxandfriends	this	morning.	Thank	you	for	the	nice	words!																																									
and	vote	Nebraska	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																													
and	vote	West	Virginia	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																												
Jason	Greenblatt	@JasonDovEsq	For,Our,Children:,Let's,Elect,Donald,Trump		https://t.co/3diVyaiw2Q																																																
lowering	taxes	far	more	than	any	other	candidate.	Any	negotiated	increase	by	Congress	to	my	proposal	would	still	be	lower	than	current!																																
have	set	the	all	time	record	in	primary	votes	in	the	Republican	party	#NAME?	having	to	compete	against	17	other	people!																																	
only	had	1	person	running	against	me	in	the	primaries	like	Hillary	Clinton	I	would	have	gotten	10	million	more	votes	than	she	did!																														
Clinton	says	that	she	got	more	primary	votes	than	Donald	Trump.	But	I	had	17	people	to	beat—she	had	one!																																		
#Trump2016https://t.co/ygD2z6EnhYhttps://t.co/Z2yVlmHl8o																																																					
#Trump2016https://t.co/ihDWRMdy98https://t.co/VSStoanoDb																																																					
interviewed	by	@MariaBartiromo	on	@FoxBizAlert		at	7:30	A.M.	Enjoy!																																												
hear	@Morning_Joe	has	gone	really	hostile	ever	since	I	said	I	won't	do	or	watch	the	show	anymore.They	misrepresent	my	positions!																																	
be	interviewed	on	@CNN	at	7:00	A.M.																																															
Russell	Moore	is	truly	a	terrible	representative	of	Evangelicals	and	all	of	the	good	they	stand	for.	A	nasty	guy	with	no	heart!																															
be	interviewed	on	@NewDay	@CNN	at	7:00	A.M.																																														
win	the	election	against	Crooked	Hillary	despite	the	people	in	the	Republican	Party	that	are	currently	and	selfishly	opposed	to	me!																																	
show	@FoxNews	now.	ENJOY!																																																		
just	can't	close	the	deal	with	Bernie.	It	will	be	the	same	way	with	ISIS	and	China	on	trade	and	Mexico	at	the	border.	Bad!																													
Kellyanne	you	were	fantastic	on	@meetthepress	today.	Keep	going	-	I	will	win	for	the	people.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																		
be	interviewed	on	@meetthepress	this	morning.	Enjoy!																																															
be	interviewed	on	This	Week	with	George	S	this	morning.	Enjoy!																																											
https://t.co/BVSHiG2iPA																																																					
you	for	your	support	tonight	on	@JudgeJeanine.																																															
the	two	failed	presidential	candidates	Lindsey	Graham	and	Jeb	Bush	signed	a	binding	PLEDGE?	They	broke	the	deal	no	honor!																																		
honored	that	the	great	men	and	women	of	the	@Teamsters	have	created	a	movement	from	within	called	Teamsters	for	Trump!	Thank	you.																																
going	to	keep	our	jobs	in	the	U.S.	and	totally	rebuild	our	crumbling	infrastructure.	Crooked	Hillary	has	no	clue!	@Teamsters																																		
in	Washington	today!Spokane	tickets:https://t.co/McBZgICMgsLynden	tickets:https://t.co/MTu0GEM7Dx	https://t.co/C7HhNvO01T																																																
Warren	is	weak	and	ineffective.	Does	nothing.	All	talk	no	action	--	maybe	her	Native	American	name?																																					
Warren	and	her	phony	Native	American	heritage	are	on	a	Twitter	rant.	She	is	too	easy!	I'm	driving	her	nuts.																																		
Clinton	wants	completely	open	borders.	Millions	of	Democrats	will	run	from	her	over	this	and	support	me.																																					
with	courageous	family	of	Sarah	Root	in	Nebraska.	Sarah	was	horribly	killed	by	illegal	immigrant	but	leaves	behind	amazing	legacy.																																		
Warren	Hillary	Clinton’s	flunky	has	a	career	that	is	totally	based	on	a	lie.	She	is	not	Native	American.																																			
check	goofy	Elizabeth	Warren’s	records	to	see	if	she	is	Native	American.	I	say	she’s	a	fraud!																																					
corrupt	Hillary	Clinton	chooses	goofy	Elizabeth	Warren	as	her	running	mate.	I	will	defeat	them	both.																																						
@LindseyGrahamSC:https://t.co/lSDE7LHc95																																																					
@JoeNBC	of	rapidly	fading	@Morning_Joe	is	pushing	hard	for	a	third	party	candidate	to	run.	This	will	guarantee	a	Crooked	Hillary	win.																																
initially	endorsed	Jeb	Bush	and	Jeb	crashed	then	John	Kasich	and	that	didn't	work.	Not	much	power	or	insight!																																			
to	teachers	across	America!	When	I	become	POTUS	we	will	make	education	a	far	more	important	component	of	our	life	than	it	is	now.																														
has	ZERO	leadership	ability.	As	Bernie	Sanders	says	she	has	bad	judgement.	Constantly	playing	the	women's	card	-	it	is	sad!																																	
said	that	I	inherited	something	very	special	the	Republican	Party.	Wrong	I	didn't	inherit	it	I	won	it	with	millions	of	voters!																																
great	endorsements	yesterday	except	for	Paul	Ryan!	We	must	put	America	first	and	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																					
Perry	said	Donald,Trump,is,one,of,the,most,talented,people,running,for,the,Presidency,I've,ever,seen.	Thank	you	Rick!																																																
Hillary	Clinton	who	wants	to	destroy	all	miners	I	want	wages	to	go	up	in	America.	We	will	do	so	by	bringing	back	jobs!																														
West	Virginia.	Let's	keep	it	going.	Go	out	and	vote	on	Tuesday	-	we	will	win	big.	#Trump2016																																				
believe	Crooked	Hillary	said	We,are,going,to,put,a,whole,lot,of,coal,miners&amp;coal,companies,out,of,business.	She	then	apologized.																																														
tomorrow!	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	Omaha	Nebraska:https://t.co/2OWQIlNutuEugene	Oregon:https://t.co/oroTbvsNdQ																																																
has	been	treated	terribly	by	the	Democrats—both	with	delegates	&amp;	otherwise.	He	should	show	them	&amp;	run	as	an	Independent.																																		
The	best	taco	bowls	are	made	in	Trump	Tower	Grill.	I	love	Hispanics!	https://t.co/ufoTeQd8yA	https://t.co/k01Mc6CuDI																																							
be	interviewed	by	@BretBaier	@SpecialReport	at	6pm	ET	tonight	@FoxNews																																												
that	I	will	be	attending	the	Alvarez/Khan	fight	this	weekend	in	Vegas.	Totally	untrue!	Unfortunately	I	have	other	plans.																																			
in	Charleston	WV	-	tomorrow!	https://t.co/kv624y9UOm																																																
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	7:30	A.M.	Enjoy!																																														
be	interviewed	on	@TODAYshow	and	Good	Morning	America	at	7:00	A.M.																																											
be	interviewed	on	@Morning_Joe	at	6:15	A.M.	Enjoy!																																														
rather	run	against	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	than	Bernie	Sanders	and	that	will	happen	because	the	books	are	cooked	against	Bernie!																																		
great	evening	we	had.	So	interesting	that	Sanders	beat	Crooked	Hillary.	The	dysfunctional	system	is	totally	rigged	against	him!																																			
Please	correct	I	WON	Virginia!																																																	
Indiana	we	were	just	projected	to	be	the	winner.	We	have	won	in	every	category.	You	are	very	special	people-I	will	never	forget!																															
Indiana!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/G4JlShRA6I																																																			
Cruz	consistently	said	that	he	will	and	must	win	Indiana.	If	he	doesn't	he	should	drop	out	of	the	race-stop	wasting	time	&amp;	money																														
Ted	Cruz	really	went	wacko	today.	Made	all	sorts	of	crazy	charges.	Can't	function	under	pressure	-	not	very	presidential.	Sad!																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!#INPrimary	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/TI27thMZEI																																																		
at	6pm!	#INPrimary	#Trump2016	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/DT9WkYAGEK																																																
America!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/tiExz8YhFT	https://t.co/Hkt3YNccb0																																																		
GREAT	AGAIN!	#Trump2016	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/OKaL5UI4oJ																																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!#INPrimary	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/MBgGXSYluWhttps://t.co/YPwDZ8Irch																																																		
GREAT	AGAIN!#INPrimary	#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/nMqeKxccv6																																																			
South	Bend	Indiana!	Everyone	get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrump	tomorrow!	#INPrimary	https://t.co/rj11BPzqDI	https://t.co/xEBlvGrny1																																										
in	South	Bend	Indiana	in	a	short	while	--	big	rally!	See	you	soon!																																								
interviewed	on	@seanhannity	tonight	at	10pmE.	Enjoy!	#INPrimary																																														
AMERICA!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/PvhGP2HmbN																																																				
Carmel	Indiana!	Get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrump	tomorrow!	#INPrimary	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/j07c4oYryG																																												
have	received	the	endorsement	of	Lou	Holtz	-	a	great	guy!	#INPrimary	#Trump2016	https://t.co/AeGyODb37O																																								
defeat	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton	on	11/8/2016.	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/HtwD1FGn9e																																														
be	campaigning	in	Indiana	all	day.	Things	are	looking	great	and	the	support	of	Bobby	Knight	has	been	so	amazing.	Today	will	be	fun!																														
talking	about	the	protesters	burning	the	American	flags	and	proudly	waving	Mexican	flags.	I	want	America	First	-	so	do	voters!																																	
Pence	has	just	stated	that	Donald	Trump	has	taken	a	strong	stance	on	Hoosier	jobs	and	he	thanks	me!	I	will	bring	back	jobs	to	USA.																												
Clinton	said	she	is	used	to	dealing,with,men,who,get,off,the,reservation.	Actually	she	has	done	poorly	with	such	men!																																							
be	interviewed	on	@CNN		@NewDay		at	7:30	A.M.	Enjoy!																																											
in	Carmel	Indiana-	tomorrow	at	4pm!	#INPrimary	https://t.co/tfW6B0eZDm	https://t.co/ZiofZ2D6ck																																													
Fort	Wayne	Indiana!#Trump2016	#INPrimary	https://t.co/mDGrmMmk5T																																																	
Terre	Haute	Indiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/O6ELhlae3h																																																		
a	failed	Jeb	Bushy.	Never	says	anything	good	&amp;	never	will	even	after	I	beat	Hillary.	Shouldn't	be	on	the	air!																																	
on	@FoxNewsSunday	with	Chris	Wallace-	his	20th	year	anniversary	with	#FNS	throughout	the	day.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/hDzdDpZiRx																																						
in	Terre	Haute	Indiana	in	a	short	while	--	big	rally!	See	you	soon!																																								
Sen.	Graham	@FaceTheNation.	Why	don't	they	say	that	I	ran	him	out	of	the	race	like	a	little	boy	and	in	the	end	he	had	no	support?																											
Indiana!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/shPWexfkVX																																																			
be	in	Indiana	on	Sunday	and	Monday	at	four	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	rallies.	See	you	there!																																					
@MikeOzanian	for	the	nice	comments	on	@FoxNews	today.	Great	job!																																												
down	Delaware	GOP	delegates.	#Trump2016	#MAGA	https://t.co/sto7CYV1fw																																															
is	bad	and	getting	worse-almost	ZERO	growth	this	quarter.	Nobody	can	beat	me	on	the	economy	(and	jobs).	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN																																
in	California	were	thugs	and	criminals.	Many	are	professionals.	They	should	be	dealt	with	strongly	by	law	enforcement!																																				
Anderson	so	amazing.	Your	mother	is	and	always	has	been	an	incredible	woman!																																									
now	at	1001	delegates.	We	will	win	on	the	first	ballot	and	are	not	wasting	time	and	effort	on	other	ballots	because	system	is	rigged!																													
Indiana!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/WAuI0nRNzX																																																			
Clinton	perhaps	the	most	dishonest	person	to	have	ever	run	for	the	presidency	is	also	one	of	the	all	time	great	enablers!																																
ridiculous	deal	made	between	Lyin'Ted	Cruz	and	1	for	42	John	Kasich	has	just	blown	up.	What	a	dumb	deal	-	dead	on	arrival!																														
Costa	Mesa	California!	31000	people	tonight	with	thousands	turned	away.	I	will	be	back!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/4P0tzvZn0e																																						
Yankees	President	Randy	Levine:	'End	of	the	Republican	Party'	If	Donald	Trump	Not	Nominated.		https://t.co/HEXBZeejBc																																						
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	with	the	legendary	Coach	Bobby	Knight-	tomorrow	morning.	Enjoy!	#INDPrimary	https://t.co/c9WVhfyMzs																																							
https://t.co/ZHM5w7jnss																																																					
																																																					
Evansville	Indiana!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/Fn8ClNjUtr																																																		
rally	with	Bobby	now!	See	you	soon!https://t.co/dWSSOEctZn																																															
FALSE	and	phony	T.V.	commercials	being	broadcast	in	Indiana.	Reminds	me	of	Florida	where	thousands	were	put	up-I	won	in	a	landslide!																																
be	in	Evansville	Indiana	with	the	great	Bobby	Knight	(who	last	night	endorsed	me)	at	12:00	this	afternoon.	See	you	there!																																	
Cruz	who	can	never	beat	Hillary	Clinton	and	has	NO	path	to	victory	has	chosen	a	V.P.candidate	who	failed	badly	in	her	own	effort																														
be	interviewed	on	the	@TODAYshow	at	7:00	A.M.	this	morning.	Enjoy!																																											
to	all	for	the	wonderful	reviews	of	my	foreign	policy	speech.	I	will	soon	be	speaking	in	great	detail	on	numerous	other	topics!																															
strong	endorsement	of	the	great	coach	Bobby	Knight	has	been	a	highlight	of	my	stay	in	Indiana.	Big	speech	tomorrow	with	Bobby!																																
in	Indiana	where	we	just	had	a	great	rally.	Fantastic	people!	Staying	at	a	Holiday	Inn	Express	-	new	and	clean	not	bad!																															
Laura!		https://t.co/C1GHUJazn0																																																			
for	the	endorsement	Coach	Bobby	Knight!	I	will	never	forget	it!https://t.co/FchYdKY4F8	https://t.co/MpRtRwv51u																																										
on	@greta-	from	Indianapolis	Indiana	at	7pmE!	Enjoy!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/gTyn8GLGil																																												
Connecticut	Delaware	Maryland	Pennsylvania	and	Rhode	Island!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/MGKh77wQt8																																													
																																																					
Newt!	https://t.co/FOh7qEnKUF																																																				
https://t.co/NaPPQNjVi2																																																					
																																																					
WE	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/aKxoD24IN9																																															
https://t.co/aYbOob1kiT																																																					
Delaware!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/FeXThmUWuo																																																			
Rhode	Island!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/EzCvm7yc0Y																																																		
Connecticut!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/3GGoVXSZSf																																																			
Pennsylvania!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/mucxspuHnV																																																			
Maryland!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/hH3h6bRMIs																																																			
America!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/KL7VZbM1jP																																																			
Maryland!	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/ZttNAmk1QS																																																			
until	8pm	to	#VoteTrump	Delaware!	https://t.co/GYeV6m1qOn																																																
for	a	great	day	yesterday	Rhode	Island!	#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/nAlgNIIdyo																																														
left	to	#VoteTrump	Connecticut!	https://t.co/U1kbLMwhNI																																																	
Pennsylvania!	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/TWQM8AV9p4																																																			
is	the	New	York	Times—the	most	inaccurate	coverage	constantly.	Always	trying	to	belittle.	Paper	has	lost	its	way!																																				
for	the	incredible	support-	Melania	Barron	Ivanka	Jared	Tiffany	Don	Vanessa	Eric	and	Lara!https://t.co/mPGpPFiDl8																																								
has	been	treated	terribly	by	the	Democrats—both	with	delegates	&amp;	otherwise.	He	should	show	them	and	run	as	an	Independent!																																		
@DonaldJTrumpJr	&amp;	@EricTrump.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/CMfcrZjHgM																																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/xhwhJuV3aa	https://t.co/2XWN52IpH2																																																			
pact	is	under	great	strain.	This	joke	of	a	deal	is	falling	apart	not	being	honored	and	almost	dead.	Very	dumb!																																	
Wilkes-Barre	Pennsylvania!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/FJbNlidwJF																																																	
and	VOTE	tomorrow!	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#CTPrimary	#DEPrimary	#MDPrimary	#PAPrimary	#RIPrimaryhttps://t.co/ndi8sZI1Gt																																								
was	once	a	vibrant	manufacturing	area	in	Pennsylvania.	So	sad!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/RYWjgPh9Ja																																										
West	Chester	Pennsylvania!#PAPrimary	#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/Qva1QtmhpS	https://t.co/CF9SYBqka7																																																	
Warwick	Rhode	Island!#RIPrimary	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/V0d4CuS1xf	https://t.co/GU3p28VMe0																																																
way	to	the	great	state	of	Rhode	Island-	big	rally.	Then	to	Pennsylvania	for	rest	of	day	and	night!																																			
announced	that	he	wants	the	people	of	Indiana	to	vote	for	him.	Typical	politician	-	can't	make	a	deal	work.																																		
weak	and	desperate	Lyin'	Ted	is	when	he	has	to	team	up	with	a	guy	who	openly	can't	stand	him	and	is	only	1	win	and	38	losses.																										
Cruz	and	1	for	38	Kasich	are	unable	to	beat	me	on	their	own	so	they	have	to	team	up	(collusion)	in	a	two	on	one.	Shows	weakness!																										
and	Kasich	are	mathematically	dead	and	totally	desperate.	Their	donors	&amp;	special	interest	groups	are	not	happy	with	them.	Sad!																																		
announced	that	Lyin'	Ted	and	Kasich	are	going	to	collude	in	order	to	keep	me	from	getting	the	Republican	nomination.	DESPERATION!																																	
happy	to	hear	how	badly	the	@nytimes	is	doing.	It	is	a	seriously	failing	paper	with	readership	which	is	way	down.	Becoming	irrelevant!																															
be	in	Maryland	this	afternoon	for	a	major	rally.	Things	are	looking	good	for	Tuesday!																																							
Great	job	and	advice	on	@CNN		@jaketapper		Thank	you!																																											
great	on	@JudgeJeanine	tonight.	Very	smart	commentary	that	will	prove	to	be	correct!																																									
as	John	Kasich	is	hit	with	negative	ads	he	will	drop	like	a	rock	in	the	polls	against	Crooked	Hillary	Clinton.	I	will	win!																														
a	great	day	campaigning	in	Connecticut.	Looking	for	a	big	vote	on	Tuesday!																																									
@seanhannity	on	his	great	ratings	and	ratings	increase	as	reported	by	the	@AP	today.	Amazing	job!																																						
--	just	read	your	great	story	in	the	NY	Times	--	I	am	proud	of	you.	Thanks!	https://t.co/zVmhYsd4ir																																				
Delaware!	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/qLXTzQPbEj	https://t.co/ofhbM9bcOI																																																	
Bridgeport	Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/GCtTKnNq06	https://t.co/qcuDCyBzCN																																																		
and	special	interests	are	absolutely	killing	our	country.	Stop	them	now:	https://t.co/cLUCrZ2hdehttps://t.co/zUmuW5WPrk																																										
Waterbury	Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/5eZ5nVQbE9	https://t.co/OoQAAKWUUq																																																		
https://t.co/aGUHmO98Xm																																																					
your	vote	for	Trump	for	POTUS	&amp;	ALSO	vote	for	the	TRUMP	DELEGATES	in	your	congressional	district!	https://t.co/1utaLLMfUa																																				
spending	the	day	campaigning	in	Connecticut	another	state	where	jobs	are	being	stolen	by	other	countries.	I	will	stop	this	fast!																																	
Pennsylvania!	#Trump2016https://t.co/Y3UBsxBQmg	https://t.co/ie23QdsVTe																																																			
Indiana!	Was	great	seeing	everyone	on	Wednesday!	I	will	be	back	soon!	#Trump2016https://t.co/mWfLxYKPbk	https://t.co/62DKEm5XVm																																								
California!	See	you	soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/uJCqbQYYWR	https://t.co/8rqI4mQ3Tw																																																
@DonaldJTrumpJr!	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/FJXjkZAAQf	https://t.co/0NQLzbwuFo																																																	
for	the	incredible	support	Maryland!	This	is	a	movement!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/Uyq4sTYb0l																																												
Prince	on	numerous	occasions.	He	was	an	amazing	talent	and	wonderful	guy.	He	will	be	greatly	missed!																																					
Kasich	should	leave	because	he	couldn't	get	to	1237	Now	he	can't	get	to	1237	Drop	out	LYIN'	Ted.																																			
Cruz	and	John	Kasich	have	no	path	to	victory.	They	should	both	drop	out	of	the	race	so	that	the	Republican	Party	can	unify!																														
Cruz	has	been	MATHEMATICALLY	ELIMINATED	from	race.	He	said	Kasich	should	get	out	for	same	reason.	I	think	both	should	get	out!																																
be	doing	the	@TODAYshow	with	my	wife	Melania	and	the	rest	of	my	family	in	a	major	Town	Hall.	Hopefully	it	will	be	fun!	Enjoy.7A.M.																													
Maryland-	what	a	great	way	to	conclude	the	day!	Will	be	back	soon.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/dNeTdMENdV	https://t.co/JbJYYpEsmo																																						
going	to	bring	steel	and	manufacturing	back	to	Indiana!																																													
meeting	with	the	terrific	@GovPenceIN	of	Indiana.	So	excited	to	campaign	in	his	wonderful	state!	https://t.co/73uCyV6ql4																																						
Indiana!	Will	be	back	soon!#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/pxvSL8cs3B																																															
this	360	video	of	my	speech	last	night	at	Trump	Tower-	https://t.co/2YT2Kxly9t																																										
Indiana!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/zqUdaaSaXD																																																			
is	mathematically	out	of	winning	the	race.	Now	all	he	can	do	is	be	a	spoiler	never	a	nice	thing	to	do.	I	will	beat	Hillary!																												
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/tK6mKZpFBl																																																			
New	York	I	will	never	forget!																																																
New	York!	I	love	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/T1J0aUwMXl																																															
so	negative	it	is	impossible	to	watch.	Terrible	panel	angry	haters.	Bill	O		@oreillyfactor	said	such	an	amazing	thing	about	me!																																
in	3	hours!	Everyone	get	out	and	VOTE!#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/EuFxefFu0D																																													
Buffalo	last	night-	on	the	eve	of	the	#NYPrimary.LETS	GO	NY!	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/6x8Dag7REA																																									
Oprah-	discussing	why	I	would	never	rule	out	a	run	for	#POTUS.#Trump2016	#VoteTrumpNY	#PrimaryDay	https://t.co/9rup33Rl29																																							
the	House	Task	Force	onUrgent	Fiscal	Issues	call-	when	America	needed	HELP?	https://t.co/Q1NErOtW9V																																									
																																																					
AMERICA!	Time	to	take	backour	country	and	#MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch	video	&amp;	go#VoteTrump! https://t.co/lsKdqGFyvQ																																											
closing	speech	inBuffalo	New	York!#VoteTrumpNY https://t.co/tS6mWn2oth																																																	
in	Indianapolis	Indiana	tomorrow	at	3pm!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets:	https://t.co/36c7PLAqyq	https://t.co/JBNYtk3FyE																																													
Eric!	https://t.co/pu1vDiQlrV																																																				
day	for	New	York	and	for	our	COUNTRY!	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																										
on	@foxandfriends	at	7:00	A.M.	ENJOY!																																																
Buffalo!	#NYPrimary	https://t.co/Z9QphVlZft	https://t.co/4ujDuOvLPj																																																		
																																																					
Cruz	even	voted	against	Superstorm	Sandy	aid	and	September	11th	help.	So	many	New	Yorkers	devastated.	Cruz	hates	New	York!																																		
we	will	make	America	great	again!	https://t.co/KyxbaW4fsL																																															
looks	O.K.	in	polls	against	Hillary	because	nobody	views	him	as	a	threat	and	therefore	have	placed	ZERO	negative	ads	against	him																																
Cruz	can't	win	with	the	voters	so	he	has	to	sell	himself	to	the	bosses-I	am	millions	of	VOTES	ahead!	Hillary	would	destroy	him	&amp;	K																												
for	today's	endorsement	New	York	Veteran	Police	Association!	#NewYorkValues	https://t.co/AMFBymUXuZ	https://t.co/ZQHmkBDUnA																																											
California!	Will	see	you	soon!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/VyxSXUEkZn	https://t.co/5rk1U4dQ7r																																														
have	millions	of	votes	more	than	Hillary	except	for	the	fact	that	I	had	17	opponents	and	she	just	had	a	socialist	named	Bernie!																														
Clinton	is	spending	a	fortune	on	ads	against	me.	I	am	the	one	person	she	doesn't	want	to	run	against.	Will	be	such	fun!																														
Cruz	can't	get	votes	(I	am	millions	ahead	of	him)	so	he	has	to	get	his	delegates	from	the	Republican	bosses.	It	won't	work!																														
Cruz	will	never	be	able	to	beat	Hillary.	Despite	a	rigged	delegate	system	I	am	hundreds	of	delegates	ahead	of	him.																																	
in	one	of	my	favorite	places	this	morning	Staten	Island.	Big	crowd	will	be	fun!																																							
https://t.co/x0smlMCWau																																																					
California	Connecticut	Maryland	and	Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/pwFFHyzSE6																																															
tomorrow	Dutchess	County	New	York!	#NYPrimary	#TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/z9LOIkEyOq	https://t.co/caMLixZfda																																														
on	Hannity	tonight.	Rebroadcast	of	town	hall	from	Pittsburgh	PA.	8:00pm	on	FOX.	Enjoy!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/ZhaxXnAohm																																						
SYRACUSE!	#NYPrimaryhttps://t.co/9oHimG204Y	https://t.co/agy5p8NCox																																																			
in	Syracuse	NY.	Big	crowd	great	place!	We	will	bring	back	the	desperately	needed	jobs.	#NYPrimary	https://t.co/vOEQDsEAKC																																					
this	morning.	https://t.co/s5pUEdCWI0																																																			
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	9:00	A.M.	I	will	be	talking	about	the	rigged	and	boss	controlled	Republican	primaries!																																			
this	weekend!	#NYPrimary4/16:	SYRACUSE	-	NOONhttps://t.co/Eu43S1wJN94/16:	WATERTOWN	-	3pmhttps://t.co/UdOZzisJhA	#Trump2016																																												
@NYPost!	#Trump2016https://t.co/KzGweIxaEo																																																				
America!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/PTKkrLeuCB																																																			
GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/VxVOG3c5RZ																																																				
on	Saturday-	in	Syracuse	New	York!	#NYPrimary	#Trump2016https://t.co/F6JkPKb1hn	https://t.co/yfJZUlDdCM																																													
Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/7WHS3vbXSw																																																		
march	in	Colorado	on	Friday	afternoon!	Don't	let	the	bosses	take	your	vote!																																									
DID	CHANGE	in	Colorado	shortly	after	I	entered	the	race	in	June	because	the	pols	and	their	bosses	knew	I	would	win	with	the	voters																													
in	politics	is	now	happening	in	the	great	State	of	Colorado	where	over	one	million	people	have	been	precluded	from	voting!																																	
interviewed	by	@SeanHannity	on	@FoxNews	tonight	at	10pm	from	Pennsylvania.	Enjoy!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/8IJ40zKS90																																									
in	Pittsburgh-	tonight	at	7pmE!	#Trump2016	#TrumpTrainTickets:	https://t.co/TrKj5lGXup																																														
https://t.co/249n3yLQxS																																																					
	https://t.co/l5TyL8U4e8																																																				
be	on	@andersoncooper	tonight	with	my	wonderful	family.	Will	be	rebroadcast	at	12:00	A.M.		(EASTERN).																																						
NEW	YORK!	#NewYorkValues	https://t.co/dbTDhYAX1v																																																		
California	Maryland	New	York	and	Pennsylvania!	See	you	soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/2lyqnMRIGq																																											
confirmed	#Trump2016	as	the	official	winner-	with	an	additional	12	delegates.	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/AVTkCAne5w																																									
new	poll-	New	York!	Thank	you	for	your	support!	#Trump2016#NewYorkValues	https://t.co/kuvCXJXjcr	https://t.co/WSVmdI8vfZ																																										
Albany	New	York!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/IAOuSY5VDC	https://t.co/WcItUuxej8																																																	
in	Rome	NY-	tomorrow!#Trump2016	#NYPrimaryTickets	available:	https://t.co/VGCdQubia1																																															
&amp;	join	me	live	in	Albany	New	York!	7pmE	start	time!	I	love	you	New	York!	#Trump2016	#TrumpTrain	https://t.co/rY5zqUX9Wu																																			
interesting	piece	by	a	very	good	writer	@KirstenPowers	of	@USATODAY	and	@FoxNews.	https://t.co/gLuMitRitg																																									
Albany	New	York	now	massive	crowd	expected.	Very	exciting!																																													
the	liberal	media	think	Bill	O'Reilly		(@oreillyfactor)	is	a	complete	and	total	vulgarian?	I	don't	think	so!																																				
Delegates	Scratched	from	Ballots	at	GOP	Convention	https://t.co/WLkmYjJJR9																																														
happening	all	over	our	country—great	people	being	disenfranchised	bypoliticians.	Repub	party	is	in	trouble!	https://t.co/wNXRqVl9Uu																																							
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	7:00	A.M.	Enjoy!																																														
of	Colorado	had	their	vote	taken	away	from	them	by	the	phony	politicians.	Biggest	story	in	politics.	This	will	not	be	allowed!																																
it	possible	that	the	people	of	the	great	State	of	Colorado	never	got	to	vote	in	the	Republican	Primary?	Great	anger	-	totally	unfair!																														
																																																					
a	state	in	votes	and	then	get	non-representative	delegates	because	they	are	offered	all	sorts	of	goodies	by	Cruz	campaign.	Bad	system!																																
purposely	covers	me	so	inaccurately.	I	want	other	nations	to	pay	the	U.S.	for	our	defense	of	them.	We	are	the	suckers-no	more!																															
honor	to	visit	the	11-Sep	Memorial	Museum	with	my	wife	@MELANIATRUMP	today.	#NewYorkValues	https://t.co/eKCEWRD0Ro																																								
says	that	Hillary	Clinton	is	unqualified	to	be	president.	Based	on	her	decision	making	ability	I	can	go	along	with	that!																																	
a	shame	that	the	person	who	will	have	by	far	the	most	delegates	and	many	millions	more	votes	than	anyone	else	me	still	must	fight																													
Disrupter”	will	air	on	@FoxNews	Saturday	night	and	Sunday	night	at	8	PM	ET.	Anchored	by	@BretBaier.	@johnrobertsFox																																				
me	on	National	Security.	https://t.co/sCrj4Ha1I5																																																	
I	was	right	about	NATO.	I	had	no	doubt.	https://t.co/x6Ne3sjAWz																																												
a	terrific	person.	https://t.co/EHL702civ5																																																		
to	be	in	New	York.	Catching	up	on	many	things	(remember	I	am	still	running	a	major	business	while	I	campaign)	and	loving	it!																														
attacked	New	Yorkers	and	New	York	values-	we	don't	forget!	https://t.co/83ur9C1qhB																																											
https://t.co/hjygbNsxee																																																					
Just	made	a	speech	in	front	17000	amazing	New	Yorkers	in	Bethpage	Long	Island---	great	to	be	home!																																				
not	scheduled	to	be	on	the	@oreillyfactor.	Pure	fiction!																																													
so	great	to	be	back	home!	Looking	forward	to	a	great	rally	tonight	in	Bethpage	Long	Island!																																					
to	get	out	and	VOTE!#WIPrimary	#Trump2016	#MAGAhttps://t.co/HjnGrR25Vf																																															
is	in	total	disarray	with	almost	everybody	quitting.	Goodnews	--	bad	dishonest	journalists!	https://t.co/xTvGLDXY5O																																								
will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																																	
Wisconsin!	The	polls	are	now	open!	#VoteTrump	today	&amp;	we	will	MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/cXvX5SCF3c																																									
GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/iiXHgM7aA2																																																				
be	on	@SeanHannity	@FoxNews-	tonight	at	10pmE	w/	@MELANIATRUMP	from	Wisconsin.	Enjoy!	#WIPrimary	#Trump2016	https://t.co/znfxf2wyrr																																							
GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/yypR5snYBC																																																				
Wisconsin	now.	Thank	you!	#Trump2016	#WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/AoTBAQgcZr	https://t.co/2C4HEwrTQF																																															
news	from	Wisconsin.	Just	made	two	speeches	there	with	a	big	one	coming	tonight.	Thank	you!	https://t.co/Bf95GysWDN																																					
interviewed	on	@SeanHannity	on	@FoxNews	from	#Wisconsin	tonight.	My	wife	Melania	will	join	me	for	the	entire	show.																																				
Herman!	We	are	all	proud	of	you	@TrumpGolf!https://t.co/RuuTippjw1																																														
La	Crosse	Wisconsin.	Thank	you!	#Trump2016	#WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/xk2cVAz0eY	https://t.co/7umXgUjEzi																																														
from	@realDonaldTrump	has	been	withheld	in	response	to	a	report	from	the	copyright	holder.																																								
day	in	Wisconsin	many	stops	many	great	people!	Melania	is	joining	me	on	Monday.	Big	crowds.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																		
night	in	West	Allis	Wisconsin!	Thank	you!	#VoteTrumpWI	#WIPrimary	https://t.co/4x9gw1RhWS	https://t.co/syGyqtOebs																																											
on	@FoxNews	with	@greta	doing	a	town	hall	from	Wisconsin-	now!	Enjoy!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016																																									
@gohermie	for	winning	the	@ShellHouOpen.	We	are	all	proud	of	you	@TNGCBedminster	&amp;	all	@TrumpGolf	clubs!	Great	going!																																				
be	in	Milwaukee	Wisconsin-	tomorrow	at	7pmE	with	@MELANIATRUMP.	Join	us!	#WIPrimary	#Trump2016	https://t.co/L0PmEwdRxn																																								
Miss	Katie's	Diner!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/oYpUYJmpKI	https://t.co/uTSIiVqPkT																																																	
New	York	and	Pennsylvania!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/sziCGsvGbz																																															
#Trump2016	#WIPrimary	https://t.co/alx0AY6E8J																																																			
be	on	@FoxNewsSunday	with	Chris	Wallace	this	morning.	Enjoy!																																													
Eau	Claire	Wisconsin.	#VoteTrump	on	Tuesday	April	5th!MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/JI5JqwHnMC																																										
be	interviewed	by	@jdickerson	on	@FaceTheNation	tomorrow	morning.	Enjoy!	#Trump2016																																												
DAY	IN	WISCONSIN!Thank	you	#Racine	&amp;	#Wausau!	Just	arrived	in	#EauClaire!	#Trump2016#WIPrimary	#TrumpTrain	https://t.co/a0iKqNepD5																																								
be	ashamed	for	allowing	experts	to	explain	how	to	make	a	nuclear	attack!																																									
you	for	your	nice	words	on	Fox	today.	They	never	use	my	full	statements	on	nuclear	which	you	would	agree	with!																																	
to	have	@GOP	General	Counsel	#JohnRyder	as	a	Trump	delegate	in	TN.	RNC	meeting	well	worth	it!	Unifying	the	party!																																		
on	Monday	April	4th	in	Milwaukee!	#WIPrimary	#Trump2016Tickets:	https://t.co/L0PmEwdRxn	https://t.co/F7P4s6oAzN																																												
suffered	a	great	loss	of	jobs	and	trade	but	if	I	win	all	of	the	bad	things	happening	in	the	U.S.	will	be	rapidly	reversed!																													
be	in	Wisconsin	until	the	election.	Jobs	trade	and	immigration	will	be	big	factors.	I	will	bring	jobs	back	home	-	make	great	deals!																														
stopped	covering	me	on	her	show	her	ratings	would	drop	like	a	rock!	My	h	to	h	interview	with	@AC360	beat	her	by	millions!																														
possible	for	@megynkelly	to	cover	anyone	but	Donald	Trump	on	her	terrible	show.	She	totally	misrepresents	my	words	and	positions!	BAD.																																	
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/SULeDE2PYp																																																			
believe	that	Ted	Cruz	who	has	been	killing	our	country	on	trade	for	so	long	just	put	out	a	Wisconsin	ad	talking	about	trade?																														
build	a	great	wall	between	Mexico	and	the	United	States!	https://t.co/05SjuRJFbf																																											
radio	ad	airing	today	in	Wisconsin!	See	you	soon!#WIPrimary	#Trump2016	https://t.co/iEbcYqyk3i																																											
like	Lyin'	Ted?	https://t.co/h78ESEgEYg																																																		
1st	time	in	American	history	America’s	16500	border	patrol	agents	have	issue	a	presidential	primary	endorsement—me!	Thank	you.																																				
Border	Patrol	Council	(NBPC)	said	that	our	open	border	is	the	biggest	physical	&amp;	economic	threat	facing	the	American	people!																																		
For	Growth	said	in	their	ad	that	465	delegates	(Cruz)	plus	143	delegates	(Kasich)	is	more	than	my	739	delegates.	Try	again!																																
For	Growthwhich	asked	me	for	$1,000,000 	in	an	extortion	attempt	just	put	up	a	Wisconsin	ad	with	incorrect	math.What	a	dumb	group!																																
https://t.co/VlMynYN3sd																																																					
NEW	YORK!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/ONDROBrDwr																																																		
AMERICA!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/09hTbBgPHf	https://t.co/uJnmDnvkUv																																																		
WISCONSIN!	#VoteTrump	next	Tuesday	April	5th!	#WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/4tymy651ZP	https://t.co/IOBhOXeBiN																																														
a	very	nice	meeting	with	@Reince	Priebus	and	the	@GOP.	Looking	forward	to	bringing	the	Party	together	---	and	it	will	happen!																																
Doctrine:	Peace	Through	Strength.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/2GD1TT8fXc	https://t.co/tr1ILOoLUb																																															
Appleton	Wisconsin!#WIPrimary	#Trump2016	https://t.co/XkbTWHpEvy	https://t.co/klUNUV2J5S																																																	
@CNN	for	having	the	wisdom	to	pick	TRUMP!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/Up8DhQulZ4																																											
your	thoughts	&amp;	prayers	with	Melissa	Young-	Miss	Wisconsin	2005	https://t.co/D8RBfufIwH																																											
NEW	YORK!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/PuqiM93zOS	https://t.co/fSgpKjwk2q																																																		
thrown	off	of	TV	by	NBC	fired	like	a	dog!	Now	he	is	on	@CNN	being	nasty	to	me.	Not	nice!																																	
just	announced	in	the	GREAT	State	of	MO.	TRUMP	WINS!	New	certified	#'s	show	a	365	vote	increase	for	me-	@	least	12	more	delegates!																													
#Trump2016	https://t.co/ZWZkHrtRQN																																																				
campaign	manager	charged	for	bruising	a	reporter:https://t.co/EKU5QMgjd4																																															
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/sVUWI7JoGn																																																				
GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/0w4ldD7dW3																																																				
this	reporter	touching	me	as	I	leave	news	conference?	What	is	in	her	hand??	https://t.co/HQB8dl0fhn																																							
the	reporters	statement-	when	she	found	out	there	was	tape	from	my	facility	she	changed	her	tune.	https://t.co/N5815RS1At																																				
conference	was	over.	Why	is	she	allowed	to	grab	me	and	shout	questions?	Can	I	press	charges?	https://t.co/qbW2RjkINX																																				
people	looking	at	this	reporters	earliest	statement	as	to	what	happened	that	is	before	she	found	out	the	episode	was	on	tape?																																
Lewandowski	my	campaign	manager	and	a	very	decent	man	was	just	charged	with	assaulting	a	reporter.	Look	at	tapes-nothing	there!																																		
the	@TODAYshow	&amp;	@chucktodd	show	the	new	@NBCNews	Poll	for	Hillary	vs	Bernie	but	do	not	show	the	SAME	poll	where	I	am	killing	Cruz?																													
millions	more	votes/hundreds	more	dels	than	Cruz	or	Kasich	and	yet	am	not	being	treated	properly	by	the	Republican	Party	or	the	RNC.																															
has	nothing	but	my	opponents	on	their	shows.	Really	one-sided	and	unfair	reporting.	Maybe	I	shouldn't	do	their	town-hall	tonight!																																		
to	secure	our	borders	ASAP.	No	games	we	must	be	smart	tough	and	vigilant.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN	&amp;	MAKE	AMERICA	STRONG	AGAIN!																															
I	have	already	beaten	you	in	all	debates	and	am	way	ahead	of	you	in	votes	and	delegates.	You	should	focus	on	jobs	&amp;	illegal	imm!																												
is	weak	&amp;	losing	big	so	now	he	wants	to	debate	again.	But	according	to	DrudgeTime	and	on-line	polls	I	have	won	all	debates																														
way	I	beat	Gov.	Scott	Walker	(and	Jeb	Rand	Marco	and	all	others)	in	the	Presidential	Primaries	no	way	he	would	ever	endorse	me!																														
that	international	gangs	are	all	over	our	cities.	This	will	end	when	I	am	President!																																							
is	incensed	that	I	want	to	refocus	NATO	on	terrorism	as	well	as	current	mission	but	also	want	others	to	PAY	FAIR	SHARE	a	must!																													
released	from	Gitmo	has	killed	an	American.	When	will	our	so-called	leaders	ever	learn!																																								
the	Gateway	Pundit:	https://t.co/batAmur1FD																																																		
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	7:30	Things	are	looking	good	had	a	great	Easter-look	forward	to	spending	the	week	in	Wisconsin!																																	
States	cannot	continue	to	make	such	bad	one-sided	trade	deals.	There	are	only	so	many	jobs	we	can	give	up.	No	more!																																
Ted	even	the	@DailyBeast	(no	fan	of	mine)	says	this	story	came	from	Rubio	not	Trump!	https://t.co/Okc8XajVnz																																					
show	you	how	unfair	Republican	primary	politics	can	be	I	won	the	State	of	Louisiana	and	get	less	delegates	than	Cruz-Lawsuit	coming																																
the	pundits	be	honest?	Hopefully	we	are	all	looking	for	a	strong	and	great	country	again.	I	will	make	it	strong	and	great!		JOBS!																													
Islamic	attack	this	time	in	Pakistan	targeting	Christian	women	&amp;	children.	At	least	67	dead400	injured.	I	alone	can	solve																																		
to	all	have	a	great	day!																																																
on	NATO	being	obsolete	and	disproportionately	too	expensive	(and	unfair)	for	the	U.S.	are	now	finally	receiving	plaudits!																																				
eyes	@chucktodd	is	at	it	again.	He	is	do	totally	biased.	The	things	I	am	saying	are	correct.	-	far	better	vision	than	the	others																													
interviewed	on	This	Week	on	@ABC	this	morning.	Enjoy!																																													
am	the	only	candidate	who	is	self-funding.	While	I	am	given	little	credit	for	this	by	the	voters	I	am	not	bought	like	others!																														
the	@FoxNews	Polls	they	are	just	another	phony	hit	job	on	me.	I	will	beat	Hillary	Clinton	easily	in	the	General	Election.																																
is	doing	poorly	and	like	everywhere	else	in	U.S.	jobs	are	leaving.	I	will	make	our	economy	strong	again	-	bring	in	jobs																															
protect	our	Nation	like	Donald	J.	Trump.	Our	military	will	be	greatly	strengthened	and	our	borders	will	be	strong.	Illegals	out!																																	
Cruz	is	now	trying	to	convince	prople	that	his	problems	with	The	National	Enq.were	caused	by	me.	I	had	NOTHING	to	do	with	story!																														
is	going	out	of	their	way	to	convince	people	that	I	do	not	like	or	respect	women	when	they	know	that	it	is	just	the	opposite!																												
is	so	after	me	on	women		Wow	this	is	a	tough	business.	Nobody	has	more	respect	for	women	than	Donald	Trump!																																
in	Paris	massacre	Salah	Abdeslam	who	also	knew	of	the	Brussels	attack	is	no	longer	talking.	Weak	leaders	ridiculous	laws!																																		
released	that	$67 	million	in	negative	ads	was	spent	on	me.	How	am	I	still	number	one	-	by	a	lot?																																	
start	the	fight	with	Lyin'Ted	Cruz	over	the	GQ	cover	pic	of	Melania	he	did.	He	knew	the	PAC	was	putting	it	out	-	hence	Lyin'	Ted!																											
a	big	federal	lawsuit	similar	in	certain	ways	to	the	Trump	U	case	but	the	press	refuses	to	write	about	it.	If	I	lost-monster	story!																													
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/PHgrT1Nl27																																																			
Lyin'	Ted	Cruz-	https://t.co/c3QEbexOwT																																																		
the	U.S.	must	immediately	stop	taking	in	people	from	Syria.	This	will	be	the	destruction	of	civilization	as	we	know	it!	So	sad!																															
that	as	many	as	5000	ISIS	fighters	have	infiltrated	Europe.	Also	many	in	U.S.		I	TOLD	YOU	SO!	I	alone	can	fix	this	problem!																													
the	women	on	The	View	which	is	a	total	disaster	since	the	great	Barbara	Walters	left	ever	got	their	jobs.	@abc	is	wasting	time																														
show	which	is	failing	so	badly	that	it	will	soon	be	taken	off	thr	air	is	constantly	asking	me	to	go	on.	I	TELL	THEM	NO																												
has	been	working	on	solving	the	terrorism	problem	for	years.	TIME	FOR	A	CHANGE	I	WILL	SOLVE	-	AND	FAST!																																		
amazing	how	often	I	am	right	only	to	be	criticized	by	the	media.	Illegal	immigration	take	the	oil	build	the	wall	Muslims	NATO!																															
I	recently	said	that	Brussels	is	a	hell,hole	and	a	mess	and	the	failing	@nytimes	wrote	a	critical	article.	I	was	so	right!																															
like	Cruz	and	Graham	who	have	watched	ISIS	and	many	other	problems	develop	for	years	do	nothing	to	make	things	better!																																	
Lyin'	Ted	Cruz	are	two	politicians	who	are	very	much	alike	-	ALL	TALK	AND	NO	ACTION!	Both	talk	about	ISIS	do	nothing!																															
amazing	how	@LindseyGrahamSC	gets	on	so	many	T.V.	shows	talking	negatively	about	me	when	I	beat	him	so	badly	(ZERO)	in	his	pres	run!																														
a	disproportionate	share	of	the	cost	of	N.A.T.O.	Why?	It	is	time	to	renegotiate	and	the	time	is	now!																																			
obsolete	and	must	be	changed	to	additionally	focus	on	terrorism	as	well	as	some	of	the	things	it	is	currently	focused	on!																																
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
to	thank	@RealSheriffJoe	for	all	of	his	help	in	our	historic	Arizona	win.	Could	not	have	done	it	without	you	Joe!																																	
believe	I	will	clinch	before	Cleveland	and	get	more	than	1237	delegates	it	is	unfair	in	that	there	have	been	so	many	in	the	race!																													
having	Jeb's	endorsement	hurts	Lyin'	Ted.	Jeb	spent	more	than	$150,000,000 	and	got	nothing.	I	spent	a	fraction	of	that	and	am	first!																															
be	the	best	by	far	in	fighting	terror.	I’m	the	only	one	that	was	right	from	the	beginning	&amp;	now	Lyin’	Ted	&amp;	others	are	copying	me.																											
Hillary	deliver	a	prepackaged	speech	on	terror.	She’s	been	in	office	fighting	terror	for	20	years-	and	look	where	we	are!																																	
Jeb	Bush	just	endorsed	a	man	he	truly	hates	Lyin’	Ted	Cruz.	Honestly	I	can’t	blame	Jeb	in	that	I	drove	him	into	oblivion!																														
Cruz	steals	foreign	policy	from	me	and	lines	from	Michael	Douglas—	just	another	dishonest	politician.																																							
Arizona!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/MMPR0Omwog	https://t.co/Dgqky0JiHO																																																		
Cruz	denied	that	he	had	anything	to	do	with	the	G.Q.	model	photo	post	of	Melania.	That's	why	we	call	him	Lyin'	Ted!																															
Republican	Party	can	come	together	and	have	a	big	WIN	in	November	paving	the	way	for	many	great	Supreme	Court	Justices!																																	
win	than	anticipated	in	Arizona.	Thank	you	I	will	never	forget!																																											
Arizona!	#Trump2016#WesternTuesday	#TrumpTrain	https://t.co/VMCzxrryG8																																																		
despite	the	horrible	attack	in	Brussels	today	wants	borders	to	be	weak	and	open-and	let	the	Muslims	flow	in.		No	way!																																
Cruz	just	used	a	picture	of	Melania	from	a	G.Q.	shoot	in	his	ad.	Be	careful	Lyin'	Ted	or	I	will	spill	the	beans	on	your	wife!																											
should	leave	the	baseball	game	in	Cuba	immediately	&amp;	get	home	to	Washington-	where	a	#POTUS	under	a	serious	emergency	belongs!																																	
all	others	have	been	so	weak	and	so	politically	correct	that	terror	groups	are	forming	and	getting	stronger!	Shame.																																			
from	@IvankaTrump!	#UTCaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/kHigCSUnFC																																																		
from	@IvankaTrump!	#AZPrimary	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/WzTDekWJAQ																																																	
https://t.co/NauXRQ2Q91#AZPrimary	#ArizonaPrimary	#UtahCaucus	#UTCaucus	#AmericanSamoa	https://t.co/bKruyYHFma																																																
&amp;	prayers	go	out	to	all	of	the	victims	of	the	terrible	#Brussels	tragedy.	This	madness	must	be	stopped	and	I	will	stop	it.																														
clip	from	earlier	this	year.	Time	&amp;	time	again	I	have	been	right	about	terrorism.	It’s	time	to	get	tough!	https://t.co/8mnY3GFRzw																																	
proven	to	be	far	more	correct	about	terrorism	than	anybody-	and	it’s	not	even	close.	Hopefully	AZ	and	UT	will	be	voting	for	me	today!																													
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
looks	and	sounds	so	ridiculous	making	his	speech	in	Cuba	especially	in	the	shadows	of	Brussels.	He	is	being	treated	badly!																																	
all	remember	how	beautiful	and	safe	a	place	Brussels	was.	Not	anymore	it	is	from	a	different	world!	U.S.	must	be	vigilant	and	smart!																														
Obama	just	landed	in	Cuba	a	big	deal	and	Raul	Castro	wasn't	even	there	to	greet	him.	He	greeted	Pope	and	others.	No	respect																														
Dinner	tonight	at	Mar-a-Lago	in	Palm	Beach.	I	will	be	there!																																											
highly	overrated	anchor	@megynkelly	is	allowed	to	constantly	say	bad	things	about	me	on	her	show	but	I	can't	fight	back?	Wrong!																																
blocked	a	major	highway	yesterday	delaying	entry	to	my	RALLY	in	Arizona	by	hours	and	the	media	blames	my	supporters!																																		
it	that	the	horrendous	protesters	who	scream	curse	punch	shut	down	roads/doors	during	my	RALLIES		are	never	blamed	by	media?	SAD!																																
interviewed	on	@ThisWeekABC	this	morning.	Enjoy!																																																
in	Utah	and	Arizona	were	great!	Tremendous	crowds	and	spirit.	Just	returned	but	will	be	going	back	soon.																																				
ARIZONA!	Get	out	and	#VoteTrump	on	Tuesday!	#AZPrimary	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/5itxkQxrLF																																											
Tucson	Arizona!	A	great	afternoon	with	6000	supporters!	#VoteTrump	on	Tuesday!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/CTgYrLnAWV																																										
are	a	TRUE	journalistic	professional.	I	so	agree	with	what	you	say.	Keep	up	the	great	work!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																				
your	show	from	Arizona	where	we	just	had	a	big	rally.	It	is	fantastic-	everybody	loves	it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																					
watched	you	on	#WattersWorld	with	a	large	group	of	people.	Everybody	loves	you-	two	amazing	people!	#Trump2016																																					
ARIZONA!	20000	amazing	supporters!	Get	out	and	#VoteTrump	on	Tuesday.	I	love	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/pU5vB1pBO5																																								
ratings	are	up	75%	because	it's	all,Trump,all,the,time.	The	networks	are	making	a	fortune	off	of	me!	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																		
be	back	in	Arizona!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/uo287ZGvvQ																																																
@megynkelly	didn't	cover	me	so	much	on	her	terrible	show	her	ratings	would	totally	tank.	She	is	so	average	in	so	many	ways!																															
says	I	don't	(won't)	go	on	her	show	and	she	still	gets	good	ratings.	But	almost	all	of	her	shows	are	negative	hits	on	me!																													
New	York!	I	love	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/wyjV9DgdQA																																															
Phoenix	now.	Tomorrow's	events	will	be	amazing!	#Trump2016																																														
of	the	NY	Times	is	a	total	waste	of	time	he	is	a	clown	with	no	awareness	of	the	world	around	him-	dummy!																															
have	never	met	@nytdavidbrooks	of	the	NY	Times	I	consider	him	one	of	the	dumbest	of	all	pundits-	he	has	no	sense	of	the	real	world!																												
Phoneix.	Will	be	arriving	soon.	Tomorrow	a	big	day.	Tremendous	crowds	expected!	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																								
fantastic	show!	Has	very	interesting	take	on	Paul	Ryan.																																													
Salt	Lake	City	Utah-	fantastic	crowd	with	no	interruptions.	Love	Utah-	will	be	back!																																								
they	released	the	final	Missouri	victory	for	us	yet?	Could	it	be	because	Cruz's	guy	runs	Missouri?																																					
I	have	reached	yet	another	ceiling		-	49.70%	with	four	people.	My	highest	Reuters	poll	yet!	Thank	you!	https://t.co/k5Ft585Arp																																		
believe	that	Hillary	Clinton	now	wants	Obamacare	for	illegal	immigrants?	She	should	spend	more	time	taking	care	of	our	great	Vets!																																	
boycott	the	@megynkelly	show.	Never	worth	watching.	Always	a	hit	on	Trump!	She	is	sick	&amp;	the	most	overrated	person	on	tv.																																
Arizona-	I	love	you!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/fTzaIvTX9b																																															
tomorrow!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/1Yak4I5B7b																																																			
is	a	mixed	up	man	who	doesn't	have	a	clue.	No	wonder	he	lost!																																								
Candidate	Mitt	Romney	was	campaigning	with	John	Kasich	&amp;	Marco	Rubio	and	now	he	is	endorsing	Ted	Cruz.	2-Jan																																			
candidate	Mitt	Romney	the	man	who	choked	and	let	us	all	down	is	now	endorsing	Lyin'	Ted	Cruz.	This	is	good	for	me!																															
Salt	Lake	City	Utah	for	a	big	rally.	Lyin'	Ted	Cruz	should	not	be	allowed	to	win	there	-	Mormons	don't	like	LIARS!	I	beat	Hillary																												
Growth	letter-	trying	to	extort	$1,000,000.00 	from	me.	Remember	I	said-	NO!	https://t.co/suIfdiMg0Q																																									
Growth	tried	to	extort	$1,000,000 	from	me.	When	I	said	NO	they	went	hostile	with	negative	ads.	Disgraceful!																																				
of	dollars	of	negative	and	phony	ads	against	me	by	the	establishment	my	numbers	continue	to	go	up.	Can	anyone	explain	this?																																
fired	like	a	dog	from	RedStateand	now	he	is	the	one	leading	opposition	against	me.																																							
made	horrible	statements	about	@SenTedCruz	–	and	then	he	endorsed	him.	No	wonder	nobody	trusts	politicians!																																						
Cruz	lost	all	five	races	on	Tuesday-and	he	was	just	given	the	jinx	-	a	Lindsey	Graham	endorsement.	Also	backed	Jeb.	Lindsey	got	0!																														
in	Salt	Lake	City	Utah-	tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/1cJ7OFbQiz																																															
has	been	involved	in	corruption	for	most	of	her	professional	life!																																											
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
star	in	a	reboot	of	Liar	Liar-	Hillary	Clinton	or	Ted	Cruz?	Let	me	know.	https://t.co/ESdiEftWGs																																						
&amp;	crazy	@megynkelly	is	always	complaining	about	Trump	and	yet	she	devotes	her	shows	to	me.	Focus	on	others	Megyn!																																		
my	5	victories	on	Tuesday	will	be	just	as	good	as	if	I	won	Ohio.	Two	more	days	and	Ohio	was	mine!																																
in	Arizona	on	Friday	and	Saturday.	https://t.co/HiOhRaTMbm																																															
to	the	dummies	at	the	@WSJ		Editorial	Board	that	I	love	to	debate	and	have	won	according	to	Drudge	etc.	all	11	of	them!																													
bad	at	math.	The	good	news	is	nobody	cares	what	they	say	in	their	editorials	anymore	especially	me!																																				
says	Clinton,primary,vote,total,is,8646551.Trump's,is,7533692-a	knock.	But	she	had	only	3	opponents-I	had	16.Apologize																																											
lyin'	Ted	Cruz	has	lost	so	much	of	the	evangelical	vote	is	that	they	are	very	smart	and	just	don't	tolerate	liars-a	big	problem!																														
is	now	complaining	that		@oreillyfactor	did	not	defend	her	against	me	-	yet	her	bad	show	is	a	total	hit	piece	on	me.Tough!																														
that	@FoxNews	has	cancelled	the	additional	debate.	How	many	times	can	the	same	people	ask	the	same	question?	I	beat	Cruz	debating																																
supposedly	had	lyin'	Ted	Cruz	on	her	show	last	night.	Ted	is	desperate	and	his	lying	is	getting	worse.	Ted	can't	win!																																
the	failed	campaign	manager	of	Mitt	Romney's	historic	loss	is	now	telling	the	Republican	Party	what	to	do	with	Trump.	Sad!																																	
be	interviewed	on	The	O'Reilly	Factor	this	evening	at	8	pm	on	the	Fox	News	Channel.	@oreillyfactor																																					
Missouri!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/iOzGtcBbia																																																			
won	Missouri!																																																				
making	a	big	speech	the	night	of	the	@FoxNews	debate	but	I	wish	everyone	well.	Yesterday	was	a	big	day	for	me	with	5	wins!																													
to	the	Governor	of	Florida	Rick	Scott	for	your	endorsement.	I	greatly	appreciate	your	support!																																							
last	2	weeks	I	had	$35M	of	negative	ads	against	me	in	Florida	&amp;	I	won	in	a	massive	landslide.The	establishment	should	save	their	$$!																													
amazing—5	victories.		Lyin’	Ted	Cruzhad	zero.	Things	are	going	very	well!																																										
what	we	want	for	a	President?	https://t.co/2yYy6Nyta9																																															
Great	job	on	television	this	morning.	Glad	to	have	you	on	my	side!																																									
were	great	last	night	and	we	all	very	much	appreciate	it!	Thank	you!																																									
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	8:30	A.M.	ENJOY!																																														
interviewed	on	@Morning_Joe	at	7:40	ENJOY!																																																
interviewed	on	@NewDay	on	@CNN	at	7:15	A.M.																																														
interviewed	on	@GMA	at	7:00	A.M.	Big	wins	last	night!																																												
Marco	I	agree!	https://t.co/PTfFzFno9p																																																		
wish	my	wonderful	daughter	Tiffany	could	have	been	with	us	at	Mar-a-Lago	for	our	great	election	victory.	She	is	a	winner!																																	
Illinois!	#SuperTuesday	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/vcfstc6Wnb																																																	
North	Carolina!	#Trump2016	#SuperTuesday 	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/hd4wtDonIB																																																
networks	and	local	news.	Really	good	night!	Crazy	@megynkelly	is	unwatchable.																																											
Florida!	#SuperTuesday	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/nzhnLQXrZg																																																	
Northern	Mariana	Islands!#SuperTuesday	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/OoP4mls4lp																																																
Crazy	Megyn	anymore.	Talks	about	me	at	43%	but	never	mentions	that	there	are	four	people	in	race.	With	two	people	big	&amp;	over!																														
that	despite	a	record	amount	spent	on	negative	and	phony	ads	I	had	a	massive	victory	in	Florida.	Numbers	out	soon!																																	
of	complaints	from	people	saying	my	name	is	not	on	the	ballot	in	various	places	in	Florida?	Hope	this	is	false.																																	
bring	our	jobs	back	to	the	U.S.	and	keep	our	companies	from	leaving.	Nobody	else	can	do	it.	Our	economy	will	sing	again.																															
voting	so	far	John	Kasich	is	ZERO	for	22	So	why	would	he	be	a	good	candidate?	Hillary	would	beat	him	I	will	beat	Hillary!																													
losing	jobs	to	Mexico	now	losing	Ford	(and	many	others).	Kasich	is	weak	on	illegal	immigration.	We	need	strong	borders	now!																																	
Kasich	being	interviewed	-	acting	so	innocent	and	like	such	a	nice	guy.	Remember	him	in	second	debate	until	I	put	him	down.																															
Carolina✅Ohio	#TrumpTrain	https://t.co/zyRctsFmSq	https://t.co/kxrn0ev4UF																																																		
lost	300000	manufacturing	jobs	and	Ohio	lost	400000	since	2000	Going	to	Mexico	etc.	NO	MORE	IF	I	WIN	WE	WILL	BRING	BACK!																															
big	news-	I	have	been	declared	the	winner	of	the	CNMI	Rep	Caucus	with	72.80%	of	the	vote!	Thank	you!	#SuperTuesday	#VoteTrump																																
Ohio!	Some	additional	information	from	my	daughter	@IvankaTrump!	#VoteTrump	#SuperTuesday	https://t.co/H7sBEnSpYq																																											
Mitt	Romney	who	let	us	all	down	in	the	last	presidential	race	by	voting	for	Kasich	(who	voted	for	NAFTA	open	borders	etc.).																															
I	am	the	ONLY	candidate	who	is	self-funding	his	campaign.	Kasich	Rubio	and	Cruz	are	all	bought	and	paid	for	by	lobbyists!																																
bring	our	jobs	back	to	America	fix	our	military	and	take	care	of	our	vets	end	Common	Core	and	ObamaCare	protect	2nd	A	build	WALL																													
weak	on	illegal	immigration	with	the	worst	voting	record	in	the	U.S.	Senate	in	many	years.	He	will	never	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																															
for	NAFTA	a	disaster	for	Ohio	and	now	wants	the	even	worse	TPP	approved.	Vote	Trump	and	end	this	madness!																																		
kind	of	stuff	even	happened	to	Ronald	Reagan.	There	is	nothing	nice	about	it!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/jC7cn1v18u																																						
-	Youngstown	Ohio!	I	love	you!	Get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrump	tomorrow.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/OReGiIS6TF																																									
helped	decimate	the	coal	and	steel	industries	in	Ohio.	I	will	bring	them	back!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																							
voted	for	NAFTA	which	devastated	Ohio	and	is	now	pushing	TPP	hard-	bad	for	American	workers!																																						
great	people	of	North	Carolina.	Amazing	event.	Heading	to	Tampa	now!	#VoteTrump																																										
to	being	in	Tampa	this	afternoon.	Wonderful	crowds.	Thank	you	Florida!																																											
have	a	country-	if	we	don't	have	borders.	#VoteTrump	Video:	https://t.co/wG4RgOi1bW	https://t.co/oAXBvcKIsr																																										
from	@PeteRose_14.	Thank	you	Pete!	#VoteTrump	on	Tuesday	Ohio!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/UvP03n7dQq																																											
https://t.co/Q0qXDGCN1l																																																					
@nytimes	is	truly	one	of	the	worst	newspapers.	They	knowingly	write	lies	and	never	even	call	to	fact	check.	Really	bad	people!																																
Kasich	cannot	run	in	the	state	of	Pennsylvania-he	cannot	win	the	nomination-	&amp;	should	not	be	allowed	to	compete	in	Ohio	on	Tue.																															
I	agree!	Ted	Cruz	is	just	another	politician.	All	talk-	no	action!https://t.co/08xkEBD8Be																																										
Kevin.	With	unification	of	the	party	Republican	wins	will	be	massive!	https://t.co/1rmyCGSlsV																																										
Ohio	just	stated	on	a	morning	show	that	he	doesn't	watch	politics	or	anything	on	television	he	only	watches	the	@GolfChannel																																	
voted	for	NAFTA	from	which	Ohio	has	never	recovered.	Now	he	wants	TPP	which	will	be	even	worse.	Ohio	steel	and	coal	dying!																															
is	lying	when	he	says	his	disruptors	aren't	told	to	go	to	my	events.	Be	careful	Bernie	or	my	supporters	will	go	to	yours!																														
didn't	qualify	to	run	in	the	state	of	Pennsylvania	not	enough	signatures.	Big	problem!																																								
an	excellent	job	stopping	the	maniac	running	to	the	stage.	He	has	ties	to	ISIS.	Should	be	in	jail!	https://t.co/tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true																																		
people	of	Ohio	know	that	John	Kasich	is	STRONGLY	in	favor	of	Common	Core!	In	other	words	education	of	your	children	from	D.C.	No	way																													
https://t.co/krYK2DiAlh	https://t.co/RAH45igqJI																																																				
my	second	speech.	20K	in	Dayton	&amp;	25K	in	Cleveland-	perfectly	behaved	crowd.	Thanks-	I	love	you	Ohio!	https://t.co/IDmwG5FQsw																																			
Clinton	and	Sanders	people	who	disrupted	my	rally	in	Chicago	-	and	then	they	say	I	must	talk	to	my	people.	Phony	politicians!																															
person	that	Hillary	or	Bernie	want	to	run	against	is	Donald	Trump	---	and	that	is	fact!																																					
asking	law	enforcement	to	check	for	dishonest	early	voting	in	Florida-	on	behalf	of	little	Marco	Rubio.	No	way	to	run	a	country!																															
voting	in	FL	is	very	dishonest.	Little	Marco	his	State	Chairman	&amp;	their	minions	are	working	overtime-trying	to	rig	the	vote.																																	
in	Cincinnati	is	ON.	Media	put	out	FALSE	reports	that	it	was	cancelled!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016																																							
Dayton	Ohio!	20000	supporters-	largest	in	airport	history!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/ry2p5qGcFt																																											
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
way	to	Dayton	Ohio.	Will	be	there	soon!																																														
in	Cincinnati	is	ON.	Media	put	out	FALSE	reports	that	it	was	cancelled.	Will	be	great	-	love	you	Ohio!																																		
the	biggest	budget	increase	in	the	U.S.	If	it	were	not	for	striking	oil	they	would	be	bust!	Governor	Kasich	in	favor	of	TPP	fraud!																													
Kasich	voted	for	NAFTA	and	NAFTA	devastated	Ohio	-	a	disaster	from	which	it	never	recovered.	Kasich	is	good	for	Mexico!																																	
group	of	people	many	of	them	thugs	who	shut	down	our	First	Amendment	rights	in	Chicago	have	totally	energized	America!																																		
got	off	the	phone	with	the	great	people	of	Guam!	Thank	you	for	your	support!	#VoteTrump	today!	#Trump2016																																				
Thank	you	Governor	Ralph	DLG	Torres!	#Trump2016		https://t.co/hXwAK3iyPk																																													
so	much	to	me-	receiving	an	endorsement	from	Phyllis	Schlafly.	A	truly	great	woman	&amp;	conservative.	https://t.co/11rEMu99qc																																					
St.	Louis	Missouri!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/qM1Mwq05j2	https://t.co/MxVFHvHfS3																																																
it	that	@politico	is	going	out	of	business.	Losing	too	much	money.	Great	news!	Likewise	dopey	Mort	Zuckerman's	@NYDailyNews																																			
																																																					
Carson-	I	concur.	I,believe,in,God,who,can,change,people-,he,can,make,any,of,us,better.@RealBenCarson																																																		
#GOPDebate	https://t.co/BuJ1YFkjvm																																																				
America!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/8B0J8Xt3dh																																																			
Mark.	#GOPDebate		https://t.co/jeaiAvgEEC																																																		
are	all	correct	about	@FoxNews	-	totally	biased	and	disgusting	reporting.																																											
Politician	#LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio	https://t.co/w7G5vJ511O																																																			
Marco	and	his	friends	out	of	the	White	House.	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/hNkkRx66Hc																																										
For	Growth	tried	to	shake	me	down	for	one	million	dollars	&amp;	is	now	putting	out	nasty	negative	ads	on	me.	They	are	total	losers!																													
Hawaii!	#Trump2016																																																				
a	great	evening-	I	would	like	to	thank	everyone	for	their	wonderful	support.																																									
Michigan!	#Trump2016																																																				
Mississippi!	#Trump2016																																																				
#Trump2016	https://t.co/WvTkL8mMHY																																																				
America!	#Trump2016https://t.co/jOD54EGGmG																																																				
I	am	doing	very	well	in	Michigan	and	Mississippi!	Wow	and	with	all	that	money	spent	against	me!	Will	be	going	to	Trump	Jupiter	now!																													
@NBCNews	/	@WSJ	came	out	with	another	one	of	their	phony	polls.	While	I	am	leading	they	are	totally	discredited	after	last	S.C.	poll																														
television	commercials	about	me	paid	for	by	the	politicians	bosses	are	a	total	#Mediafraud.	When	you	watch	remember!																																				
																																																					
																																																					
																																																					
																																																					
																																																					
had	his	chance	and	blew	it.	Lindsey	Graham	ran	for	president	got	ZERO	and	quit!	Why	are	they	now	spokesmen	against	me?	Sad!																															
am	the	only	one	who	is	self-funding	my	campaign.	All	of	the	other	candidates	are	bought	and	paid	for	by	special	interests!																																
says:	Rubio	lacks	the	experience	work	ethic	and	gravitas	needed	to	be	president.	HE	HAS	NOT	EARNED	YOUR	VOTE!																																			
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
@EricTrump!	https://t.co/U1iTLmcbAc																																																				
Idaho	&amp;	Hawaii:	Get	out	to	VOTE	and	join	the	movement	today!	Video:	https://t.co/fJw8Ax7E8P	https://t.co/ZDbarevYAc																																							
for	Growth	is	a	very	dishonest	group.	They	represent	conservative	values	terribly	&amp;	are	bad	for	America.	https://t.co/rnGoaprYuA																																				
it	was	Club	for	Growth	that	asked	me	for	$1 	million.	I	said	no	&amp;	they	went	negative.	Extortion!	https://t.co/oq8jmoep7i																																		
Was	For	Welcoming	Syrian	Refugees	Before	He	Was	Against	Ithttps://t.co/zw4o1DJgfB																																												
many	people	in	Hawaii	at	my	great	hotel	in	Honolulu.	I’ll	be	there	very	soon.	Vote	for	me	Hawaii!																																			
to	Mississippi	there	was	nobody	there	he	left	the	state.	I	had	a	rally	in	Madison	MS	with	10000!	Thank	you!																																	
be	interviewed	by	@SeanHannity	tonight	at	10pm	EST	on	@FoxNews!	Enjoy!																																											
concerning	lightweight	Senator	Marco	Rubio:	https://t.co/cNe0skpB5i																																																
Idaho!	I	love	your	potatoes-	nobody	grows	them	better.	As	President	I	will	protect	your	market.	https://t.co/kqx8un1jnw																																					
Marco	Rubio	features	Trump	Univ.	students	in	FL.	attack	ads-	who	submitted	excellent	reviews.	https://t.co/JGTD590pKE																																							
great	being	in	Michigan.	Remember	I	am	the	only	presidential	candidate	who	will	bring	jobs	back	to	the	U.S.and	protect	car	industry!																																
the	millions	of	dollars	of	phony	television	ads	by	lightweight	Rubio	and	the	R	establishment.	Dishonest	people!																																					
North	Carolina.	Big	crowd	will	be	fun!																																															
Adam	Scott	and	all	of	the	folks	at	Trump	National	Doral	on	producing	a	really	great	WGC	Tournament.	Amazing	finish!																																		
be	using	Facebook	and	Twitter	to	expose	dishonest	lightweight	Senator	Marco	Rubio.	A	record	no-show	in	Senate	he	is	scamming	Florida																																	
let	the	failing	REPUBLICAN	ESTABLISHMENT	who	could	not	stop	Obama	(twice)	ruin	the	MOVEMENT	with	millions	of		$'s	in	FALSE	ads!																																
is	all	over	T.V.	much	like	failed	47%	candidate	Mitt	Romney.	These	nasty	angry	jealous		failures	have	ZERO	credibility!																																		
candidate	Lindsey	Graham	should	respect	me.	I	destroyed	his	run	brought	him	from	7%	to	0%	when	he	got	out.	Now	nasty!																																
you	fight	millions	of	dollars	of	fraudulent	commercials	pushing	for	crooked	politicians?	I	will	be	using	Facebook	&amp;	Twitter.	Watch!																																		
the	phony	T.V.	commercials	against	me	are	bought	and	payed	for	by	SPECIAL	INTEREST	GROUPS	the	bandits	that	tell	your	pols	what	to	do																														
@chucktodd	did	a	1	hour	hit	job	on	me	today	–	totally	biased	and	mostly	false.	Dishonest	media!																																				
at	Trump	National	Doral-best	resort	in	U.S.	Rory	and	Adam	Scott	are	doing	great!	Watch	on	NBC	at	3:00	P.M.		MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																													
to	@jdickerson	and	@FaceTheNation	for	a	very	fair	and	professional	interview	this	morning.	No	wonder	you	are	#1	in	the	ratings!																																	
Marco	made	a	TV	ad	on	TrumpU	featuring	2	people	who	signed	these	letters:	https://t.co/tSpFBn6Ruxhttps://t.co/KFmotmqfnN																																							
plaintiff	in	the	phony	Trump	University	suit	wants	to	abandon	the	case.	Disgraceful!																																									
the	wife	of	a	truly	great	President	was	an	amazing	woman.	She	will	be	missed!																																							
of	the	New	York	Times	is	closing	in	on	being	the	dumbest	of	them	all.	He	doesn’t	have	a	clue.																																		
Michigan!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/ttwwvrTjwE																																																			
not	miss	this	opportunity	to	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	Thank	you	@IvankaTrump:	https://t.co/LHRNDKsoKh	https://t.co/7cnWT9RGSr																																											
be	interviewed	on	@FaceTheNation	this	morning.	Enjoy!		@jdickerson																																													
devastated	that	lightweight	Senator	Marco	Rubio	got	trounced	tonight	and	is	the	big	loser.	I	won	the	two	big	states	great!																																	
Kentucky!	#Trump2016#SuperSaturday																																																				
Louisiana!	#Trump2016#SuperSaturday																																																				
be	at	the	Cadillac	World	Golf	Championship	@TrumpDoral	in	Miami	tomorrow!	Rory	Phil	Bubba	Adam	and	Dustin	all	at	the	top!																																	
Willie	Robertson!	#VoteTrump	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain		https://t.co/0TUpaNfUmR																																																
love	to	be	at	the	Cadillac	World	Golf	Championship	@TrumpDoral	in	Miami-	but	even	more	so	in	Orlando	with	the	#TrumpTrain!																																	
watching	two	clown	announcers	on	@FoxNews	as	they	try	to	build	up	failed	presidential	candidate	#LittleMarco.	Fox	News	is	in	the	bag!																																
advisors	like	campaign	mgr	Stuart	Stevens	are	all	over	TV	telling	people	how	to	win.	But	they	lost-	don't	know	how	to	win!																															
a	disaster	candidate	who	had	no	guts	and	choked!	Romney	is	a	total	joke	and	everyone	knows	it!																																				
Kansas!	The	line	going	into	the	Orlando	event	is	over	a	mile	long.	Massive	crowd	expected.	Leaving	Kansas	now	be	there	soon!																																
	https://t.co/pTUlDXgPkP																																																				
to	make	my	speech	at	#KansasCaucus.	A	great	honor!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016																																											
Kansas!	Thousands	of	people	inside-	and	thousands	outside	who	couldn't	get	into	the	hall.	Really	amazing!	#CaucusForTrump																																					
people	of	Kentucky	Rand	Paul	didn't	want	you.	Now	he	runs	back	due	to	his	presidential	failure.	#VoteTrump	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																			
anyone	in	Kentucky	listen	to	failed	presidential	candidate	Rand	Paul	re:	caucus.	Made	a	fool	of	himself	(1%.)KY	his	2nd	choice!																																	
in	Orlando	Florida	this	afternoon.	25000	people	expected.	This	is	a	movement	like	our	GREAT	COUNTRY	has	never	seen	before!																																		
lines	in	Kansas.																																																			
of	today's	voters	please	remember	that	I	am	the	only	candidate	that	is	self	funding	my	campaign	I	am	not	bought	and	paid	for!																														
last	night	in	Louisiana.	Big	and	energetic	crowd.	Go	out	and	vote	now	polls	open.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																			
in	Kansas.	Will	be	an	exciting	day.	Big	speech	this	morning	in	Wichita	and	then	go	to	caucus.	Sorry	CPAC	(the	format	was	fine!).																														
in	Wichita	Kansas	tomorrow	morning!	Looking	forward	to	it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/HtVKgLdKcp																																												
New	Orleans	Louisiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/tI1h9xT9GX	https://t.co/0bf7BOlWEj																																																	
in	Wichita	Kansas	tomorrow	morning!	Looking	forward	to	it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/HtVKgLvlAZ																																												
Cadillac	Michigan!	#VoteTrumpMI	on	3/8/2016.	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/8RDmQCbHce	https://t.co/94mFPx0EgH																																										
5	2016	|	Wichita	Kansas:	https://t.co/BkvBzvsJ12	https://t.co/Q8eZU9yi6W																																															
Bob	Corker	(R-Tenn.)	issued	the	following	statement	today	regarding	the	2016	presidential	election:	https://t.co/79y1KgC7S4																																								
Macomb	County	Michigan!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/9TBvy6obcE																																																
America!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/fNMPlXpkFf	https://t.co/W1biUNTvFk																																																		
ON	VISAS#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/JGmOd5gr5z	https://t.co/OLg6N3Ug9U																																																		
Business	Bureau	report	with	an	A	rating	for	Trump	University.	#GOPDebate	https://t.co/ldJ5EFp3HM	https://t.co/1K9u09CFQQ																																									
out	ad	that	my	pilot	was	a	drug	dealer-	not	TRUE	not	my	pilot!	Guy	owned	helicopter	company-	don't	think	I	ever	even	used.																														
will	serve	as	the	Chairman	of	my	National	Security	Advisory	Committee.	https://t.co/jQed1P6SD9	https://t.co/n83Cbs4jtA																																									
PORTLAND	Maine!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/6lMFR6z8xO	https://t.co/eKGxNbG6wD																																																		
way	to	see	the	great	people	of	Maine.	Will	be	landing	in	Portland	in	2	hours.	Look	forward	to	it!	#Trump2016																																	
@RealBenCarson	tonight	at	the	#GOPDebate.	I	hope	all	of	Ben's	followers	will	join	the	#TrumpTrain.	We	will	never	forget.																																			
Trump	Doral	in	Miami	and	watch	the	World	Golf	Championship!	On	NOW!																																										
lawsuit	against	Trump	U	could	have	been	easily	settled	by	me	but	I	want		to	go	to	court.	98%	approval	rating	by	students.	Easy	win																												
Mitt	Romney	BEG	me	for	my	endorsement	four	years	ago?																																												
the	only	one	who	can	beat	Hillary	Clinton.	I	am	not	a	Mitt	Romney	who	doesn't	know	how	to	win.	Hillary	wants	no	part	of	Trump																												
the	great	people	of	Florida	vote	for	a	guy	who	as	a	Senator	never	even	shows	up	to	vote	-	worst	record.	Marco	Rubio	is	a	joke!																											
brought	millions	of	people	into	the	Republican	Party	while	the	Dems	are	going	down.	Establishment	wants	to	kill	this	movement!																																		
Mitt	Romneywho	ran	one	of	the	worst	races	in	presidential	historyis	working	with	the	establishment	to	bury	a	big	R	win!																																	
two-time	failed	candidate	Mitt	Romney	is	going	to	be	telling	Republicans	how	to	get	elected.	Not	a	good	messenger!																																			
dollars	being	spent	on	FALSE	TV	ads	by	special	interest	groups	who	own	Rubio	&amp;	Cruz.When	you	see	them	think	of	your	puppet	POLS																														
me	the	Republican	Party	has	taken	in	millions	of	new	voters	a	record.	If	they	are	not	careful	they	will	all	leave.	Sad!																															
https://t.co/IbcE5tsRf7	https://t.co/bHqg1rkFy3																																																				
love	to	see	the	Republican	party	and	everyone	get	together-	and	unify.Video:	https://t.co/RWEnPUJO23	https://t.co/RT8Gmf6WHL																																								
desperate	move	by	the	man	who	should	have	easily	beaten	Barrack	Obama.	(2/2)																																									
Candidate	Mitt	Romney	is	having	a	news	conference	tomorrow	to	criticize	me.	(1/2)																																									
going	to	repeal	and	replace	ObamaCare!	Read	more	about	my	positions	on	healthcare	reform	here:	https://t.co/WwIVhIud06																																						
just	hit	49%	for	Trump.	Interesting	how	my	numbers	have	gone	so	far	up	since	lightweight	Marco	Rubio	has	turned	nasty.	Love	it!																															
the	leaders	of	the	Republican	Party	see	that	I	am	bringing	in	new	voters	by	the	millions-we	are	creating	a	larger	stronger	party!																															
@MELANIATRUMP	will	be	#OnTheRecord	w/	@greta	tonight	at	7pmE	on	@FoxNews.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/yxrRkJJSGG	https://t.co/Trv1hj9hRI																																								
lost	big	last	night.	I	even	beat	him	in	Virginia	where	he	spent	so	much	time	and	money.	Now	his	bosses	are	desperate	and	angry!																													
anyone	in	Florida	vote	for	lightweight	Senator	Marco	Rubio.	Check	out	his	credit	card	scam	his	house	sale	&amp;	his	no	show	voting!																															
interests	and	people	who	control	our	politicians	(puppets)	are	spending	$25 	million	on	misleading	and	fraudulent	T.V.	ads	on	me.																																		
Vermont!	#Trump2016#SuperTuesday																																																				
Arkansas!	#Trump2016#SuperTuesday																																																				
Virginia!	#Trump2016#SuperTuesday																																																				
Alabama!	#Trump2016#SuperTuesday																																																				
Tennessee!	#Trump2016#SuperTuesday																																																				
Massachusetts!	#Trump2016	#SuperTuesday																																																			
Georgia!#SuperTuesday	#Trump2016																																																				
you	Louisville	Kentucky!	#VoteTrump	on	3/5/2016!	Lets	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!https://t.co/frO6s3NKpp	https://t.co/xFwWRrro3l																																													
America!	Get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrump!	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#SuperTuesday	https://t.co/w0eAglHeh8	https://t.co/rGanPzZHmS																																														
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
Columbus	Ohio!	https://t.co/D0tok8j6jj																																																			
of	South	Carolina	are	embarrassed	by	Nikki	Haley!																																														
endorsement	of	Brian	France	and	@NASCAR	yesterday	in	Georgia.	Also	many	of	the	sports	great	drivers.	Thank	you	Nascar	and	Georgia!																																	
Georgia!	15000	amazing	supporters	tonight!	Everyone	get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrump	tomorrow!	#SuperTuesday	https://t.co/jNA5YON6hA																																									
Former	Mayor	of	Dallas	Tom	Leppert	has	just	endorsed	me!	Thank	you!	Tomorrow	is	a	big	day-	VOTE!	#VoteTrump	#SuperTuesday																																		
Brian	France	Bill	Elliott	@chaseelliott	@DavidRagan	&amp;	@RyanJNewman!	#NASCAR	#Trump2016	#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/6UDcvm1GB2																																											
commercial.	I	could	have	settled	but	won't	out	of	principle!	See	student	surveys.	https://t.co/KKHiBH554d																																								
has	a	98%	approval	rating.	I	could	have	settled	but	won't	out	of	principle!																																								
Virginia!	15000	amazing	supporters!	Everyone	get	out	and	#VoteTrump	tomorrow!	https://t.co/Zg0OhOdtkV																																											
@MELANIATRUMP	will	be	joining	@andersoncooper	@AC360	tonight	at	8pmE	on	@CNN.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/aTIXHgK32N																																									
García	Padilla	said	presidential	hopeful	Sen.	Marco	Rubio	“is	no	friend	of	Puerto	Rico."	https://t.co/I6mhYnAcZ3																																							
https://t.co/tzHtny48nQ	https://t.co/BpKZcISeKi																																																				
self	funding	my	campaign	and	only	work	for	YOU	the	American	people!#Trump2016	Video:	https://t.co/8hDC0YUobe	https://t.co/o0EB479uEF																																							
																																																					
in	Columbus	Ohio	tomorrow!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/yFhZd55GD9																																																	
America!	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE	tomorrow!	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/ypLELkprpu	https://t.co/XKU8R5b8Lo																																												
Don	and	Eric	are	on	@foxandfriends	now	7:35	Great	kids	enjoy!																																											
@SenatorSessions!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/Szs0QF88HR	https://t.co/UL6t60TTjP																																																			
ALABAMA!	32000	supporters	tonight.	Get	out	&amp;	VOTE	on	Tuesday!	WE	WILL	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/rOkldN7dat																																					
enforcement	officers	deserve	our	appreciation	for	the	incredible	job	they	do.	Video:	https://t.co/c4WjtoGpKT	https://t.co/Z0XnapOu84																																								
be	making	a	big	surprise	announcement	to	the	massive	crowd	assembled	in	Huntsville/Madison	Alabama!	Landing	now!	#Trump2016																																					
'Marco	Rubio	Betrayed	Us	All'	https://t.co/nmXmLDQuaa																																																
Rubio	treated	America's	ICE	officers	like,absolute,trash	in	order	to	pass	Obama's	amnesty.	https://t.co/gm2wurLjFz																																									
Rubio	gave	amnesty	to	criminal	aliens	guilty	of	sex,offenses.	DISGRACE!	https://t.co/mZwpynzsLb																																											
Rubio	is	just	another	Washington	D.C.	politician	that	is	all	talk	and	no	action.	#RobotRubio	https://t.co/HJWJeoZn4o																																						
Marco	Rubio	is	polling	very	poorly	in	Florida.	The	people	can't	stand	him	for	missing	so	many	votes	-	poor	work	ethic!																																
Rubio	the	lightweight	no	show	Senator	from	Florida	is	just	another	Washington	politician.	https://t.co/NsLrHrqjdx																																								
didn't	show	his	tax	return	until	SEPTEMBER	21	2012	and	then	only	after	being	humiliated	by	Harry	R!	A	bad	messenger	for	estab!																															
stated	at	the	press	conference	on	Friday	regarding	David	Duke-	I	disavow.	https://t.co/OIXFKPUlz2																																									
the	people	of	Texas	support	Ted	Cruz	when	he	has	accomplished	absolutely	nothing	for	them.	He	is	another	all	talk	no	action	pol!																															
https://t.co/yFhZd55GD9																																																					
Rubio	the	lightweight	no	show	Senator	from	Florida	is	set	to	be	the	puppet	of	the	special	interest	Koch	brothers.	WATCH!																																	
big	speech	in	Alabama	today.	So	many	people	we	had	to	move	to	a	football	stadium!	Come	and	join	us!																																		
the	only	Republican	who	will	get	large	numbers	of	Dems	and	Indies	(crossover).	I	will	also	get	states	that	no	other	Republican	can	get.																														
and	I	both	won	South	Carolina	by	big	margins	Repubs	got	far	more	votes	with	a	massive	increase	from	past	cycles.GROWING	PARTY																																
Establishment	has	been	pushing	for	lightweight	Senator	Marco	Rubio	to	say	anything	to	hit	Trump.I	signed	the	pledge-careful																																				
hear	the	Koch	brothers	are	in	big	financial	trouble	(oil)	word	is	they	have	chosen	little	Marco	Rubio	the	lightweight	from	Florida																																
to	fix	our	broken	education	system!	#StopCommonCore	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	Video:	https://t.co/xZ1eCJPo8T	https://t.co/S8gQ6cibhC																																											
Arkansas!	Get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrump	on	Tuesday.	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/evoiSpn8PX																																						
of	my	son	@EricTrump	&amp;	his	efforts	on	behalf	of	@StJude	in	Memphis	TN.	https://t.co/FUWhYKhhNK	https://t.co/ZgxukBnQ3k																																						
an	honor	to	be	the	Grand	Marshall-	in	the	Salute	to	Israel	Parade	back	in	2004	https://t.co/G7G6HFP0Dh																																					
lightweight	Marco	Rubio	lying	to	a	small	crowd	about	my	past	record.	He	is	not	as	smart	as	Cruz	and	may	be	an	even	bigger	liar																												
just	banned	by	@CNN	-	their	loss!	Tough	loyal	guy.																																												
my	business	with	very	little	and	built	it	into	a	great	company	with	some	of	the	best	real	estate	assets	in	the	World.	Amazing!																														
wish	my	wonderful	father	Fred	gave	me	$200 	million	to	start	my	business	like	lightweight	Rubio	says.	He	didn't	-	total	fabrication!																																
watch	the	Democrats	working	so	hard	to	win	the	great	State	of	South	Carolina	when	I	just	won	the	Republican	version	-	amazing	people!																														
self-funding	my	campaign	and	am	therefore	not	controlled	by	the	lobbyists	and	special	interests	like	lightweight	Rubio	or	Ted	Cruz!																																		
throughout	the	media	agree	that	no	sane	person	would	give	their	tax	returns	during	an	audit.	After	the	audit	no	problem!																																	
get	audited	by	the	I.R.S.	almost	every	single	year.	I	have	rich	friends	who	never	get	audited.	I	wonder	why?																																		
be	on	@foxandfriends	at	8:30	A.M.	Will	be	talking	about	lightweight	Marco	Rubio	and	lying	Ted	Cruz!																																					
Pastor	Robert	Jeffress!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/ndKu8m8RY2																																																
would	do	on	my	first	day	in	office.	#MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch:	https://t.co/DhANDG8uBd	https://t.co/SzdZzYOnDG																																											
Texas!	10000	amazing	supporters!	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/T2cBdktPbp																																															
them	see	you	sweat!	https://t.co/qygVFf6JFF																																																	
for	your	support	&amp;	friendship-	Governor	@ChrisChristie!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/jVI6Q6JH18																																													
like	Rubio	in	Florida-	he	left	them	high	&amp;	dry.	Doesn't	even	show	up	for	votes!																																						
Rubio	was	working	hard	last	night.	The	problem	is	he	is	a	choker	and	once	a	choker	always	a	choker!	Mr.	Meltdown.																																
poll	said	I	won	the	debate	last	night.	Great	honor!																																												
Marco	Rubio	looks	like	a	little	boy	on	stage.	Not	presidential	material!																																										
Cruz	and	lightweight	choker		Marco	Rubio	teamed	up	last	night	in	a	last	ditch	effort	to	stop	our	great	movement.	They	failed!																															
at	Fort	Worth	(Texas)	Convention	Center	at	11:30	A.M.	Big	crowd	-	get	there	early!	Big	announcement	to	be	made!																																		
the	people	of	Florida	vote	for	Marco	Rubio	when	he	defrauded	them	by	agreeing	to	represent	them	as	their	Senator	and	then	quit!																															
good	chance	to	win	Texas	on	Tuesday.	Cruz	is	a	nasty	guy	not	one	Senate	endorsement	and	despite	talk	gets	nothing	done.	Loser!																															
be	making	a	speech	at	12:00	in	Fort	Worth	Texas.	Really	big	crowd	expected.	Will	be	talking	about	the	debate	last	night-plus	plus!																															
in	Texas	tomorrow!	Having	a	rally	in	Fort	Worth.	Tremendous	crowd.	Will	be	exciting!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/JGUopujRIk																																						
online	polls	have	me	winning	the	debate.	I	really	enjoyed	the	evening.	Not	easy	but	good.	https://t.co/sLTmwVVM5I																																					
https://t.co/FvIUXMkrjj																																																					
#GOPDebate	Polls	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/At5vOiLCSy																																																		
https://t.co/in4raBhwqa																																																					
WE	WILL	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/aht7wYVIUg																																														
candidate	@MittRomney	was	made	to	look	like	a	fool	by	Senator	Harry	Reid	&amp;	didn't	release	his	tax	returns	until	9/21/12.																																	
	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/nvgOPoo5qf	https://t.co/0JCjfbcpJZ																																																		
of	Mexico	Vicente	Fox	horribly	used	the	F	word	when	discussing	the	wall.	He	must	apologize!	If	I	did	that	there	would	be	a	uproar!																													
Ted	Cruz	said	that	if	he	didn't	win	South	Carolina	it's	over.	He	didn't	win-	and	lost	to	me	in	a	landslide!																																
Illinois!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/Ol0u2Krkwc																																																			
in	Oklahoma	tomorrow	night!#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/sUTcDoip3C																																																	
to	do	what	@MittRomney	was	totally	unable	to	do-	WIN!																																												
AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!Schedule	&amp;	tickets:	https://t.co/nU39QHzxxX	https://t.co/GUQo1TMsMo																																															
recent	tax	return-	isn't	this	ridiculous?	https://t.co/UdwqF4iZIZ																																															
your	info	tax	returns	have	0	to	do	w/	someone’s	net	worth.	I	have	already	filed	my	financial	statements	w/	FEC.	They	are	great!																														
@MittRomney	just	endorse	@marcorubio	already.Should	have	done	it	before	NH	or	Nevada	where	he	had	a	little	sway.	Too	latenow!																																		
who	was	one	of	the	dumbest	and	worst	candidates	in	the	history	of	Republican	politics	is	now	pushing	me	on	tax	returns.	Dope!																															
poll.	Thank	you	Texas!	#VoteTrump	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/VHqAvsIyuW																																															
is	lying	again.	Polls	are	showing	that	I	do	beat	Hillary	Clinton	head	to	head.	Check	out	https://t.co/45g7qpxq7T	Poll	snd	Q	Poll.																																
&amp;	many	more	VOTE	EARLY!	This	is	a	movement!#Trump2016	VOTE	VIDEO:	https://t.co/LWeckhLWNv	https://t.co/o93j0A0BIR																																									
Chris	thank	you	so	much	for	your	wonderful	endorsement.	I	will	not	let	you	down!	@CNN																																						
Cruz	quits	the	race	and	the	field	begins	to	clear	I	will	get	most	of	his	votes	-	no	problem!																																		
Texans	vote	for	liar	Ted	Cruz	when	he	was	born	in	Canada	lived	there	for	4	years-and	remained	a	Canadian	citizen	until	recently																															
Romney	asked	me	for	my	endorsement	last	time	around	he	was	so	awkward	and	goofy	that	we	all	should	have	known	he	could	not	win!																													
totally	blew	an	election	that	should	have	been	won	and	whose	tax	returns	made	him	look	like	a	fool	is	now	playing	tough	guy																														
show	that	I	picked	up	many	Jeb	Bush	supporters.	That	is	how	I	got	to	46%.	When	others	drop	out	I	will	pick	up	more.		Sad	but	TRUE																									
GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/IVSR0hmh5g																																																			
of	television-	the	only	one	who	said	anything	bad	about	last	nights	landslide	victory--	was	dopey	@KarlRove.	He	should	be	fired!																																	
in	Virginia	@RegentU	Presidential	forum	with	Dr.	Pat	Robertson-	beginning	now!	Watch	here:	https://t.co/LgucYLxFgG																																								
self	funding	my	campaign	&amp;	don't	owe	anybody	anything!	I	only	owe	it	to	the	American	people!	#Trump2016Watch:	https://t.co/fUzX92RYIm																																			
and	@QuinnipiacPoll	say	that	I	beat	both	Hillary	and	Bernie	and	I	havn't	even	started	on	them	yet!																																				
last	night	in	Nevada	for	Ted	Cruz	and	Marco	Rubio.	@KarlRove	on	@FoxNews	is	working	hard	to	belittle	my	victory.	Rove	is	sick!																															
great	on	television	this	morning.	Poised	smart	and	strong	with	a	big	heart	-	so	much	to	offer.	We	are	all	proud	of	you!																														
be	interviewed	by	@morningmika	on	@Morning_Joe	now	(8:30	A.M.).	ENJOY!																																												
NEVADA!#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain@Snapchat!	Username:	realdonaldtrump	https://t.co/e0HX1zekX8	https://t.co/uVBGpXzICo																																																
NEVADA!	WE	WILL	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/ClAnLIg0AD	https://t.co/zVvyVCIaD4																																											
you	get	on	the	Trump	line	and	are	not	mislead	by	the	Cruz	people.	They	are	bad!	BE	CAREFUL.																																			
w/	my	wife	@MELANIATRUMP-	tomorrow	morning	@	8amE	on	@Morning_Joe	w/	@morningmika	@MSNBC.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/FQSEKWxnwj																																							
FROM	NOW	TO	8:30	P.M.	NEVADA.	I	WILL	BE	AT	VARIOUS	CAUCUS	SITES.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																					
Melania	will	be	on	@Morning_Joe		tomorrow	morning	at	8:00	Interviewed	by	@morningmika	-	Enjoy!																																							
Sparks	Nevada!#VoteTrumpNV	#NevadaCaucus	Finder:	https://t.co/Ryp3DwNe0uhttps://t.co/n74lmDoRQO	https://t.co/sO5h9LmIMg																																																
Growth	is	the	group	that	came	to	my	office	seeking	$1 	million	dollars.	I	told	them	no	and	now	they	are	doing	negative	ads.																														
reported	on	@FoxNews	that	many	people	who	supported	@JebBush	are	now	supporting	me.	I	knew	that	would	happen	pundits	didn't!																																		
Ohio	poll.	Shows	me	leading	by	5	points	beating	K!																																												
other	Republican	candidates	I	will	be	in	Nevada	all	day	and	night	-	I	won't	be	fleeing	in	and	out.	I	love	&amp;	invest	in	Nevada!																												
in	Sparks	Nevada	today!	#NevadaCaucus	#VoteTrumpNV	https://t.co/5DyhPftng9																																															
growing	the	Republican	Party	tremendously	-	just	look	at	the	numbers	way	up!	Democrats	numbers	are	significantly	down	from	years	past.																																	
lifts	the	Bible	high	into	the	air	and	then	lies	like	a	dog-over	and	over	again!	The	Evangelicals	in	S.C.	figured	him	out	&amp;	said	no!																												
does	not	have	the	right	temperment	to	be	President.	Look	at	the	way	he	totally	panicked	in	firing	his	director	of	comm.	BAD!																															
Ted	Cruz	disloyal	to	his	very	capable	director	of	communication.	He	used	him	as	a	scape	goat-fired	like	a	dog!	Ted	panicked.																																
only	talks	tough	on	immigration	now	because	he	did	so	badly	in	S.C.	He	is	in	favor	of	amnesty	and	weak	on	illegal	immigration.																														
LAS	VEGAS	NEVADA!#NevadaCaucus	#VoteTrumpNVhttps://t.co/cZlNRrFtW3	https://t.co/scdxT24Dye																																																	
live-	now	in	Las	Vegas	Nevada!	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	AGAIN!	#VoteTrumpNV	#NevadaCaucus	https://t.co/IW9s9noxDT																																					
said	on	@oreillyfactor	that	illegals	sent	out	of	country	by	my	administration	would	come	right	back	as	citizens.	Another	lie-crazy!																																		
fat	hit	job	on	@oreillyfactor	tonight.	A	total	waste	of	time	to	watch	boring	and	biased.	@brithume	said	I	would	never	run	a	dope!																														
Hall	tonight	at	10:00	P.M.	(Eastern)	conducted	by	@seanhannity	on	@FoxNews																																											
Vermont!	#VoteTrumpVT	https://t.co/8KGOpqDb9t																																																			
Michigan!	#VoteTrumpMITrump	35%Kasich	17%Cruz	12%Rubio	12%Carson	9%	Via:	ARG																																													
Thank	you	North	Carolina!	#VoteTrumpNC	on	3/15!Trump	36%Cruz	18%Rubio	18%Carson	10%Kasich	7%Via	@SurveyUSA																																									
you	Massachusetts!	See	you	soon.	#VoteTrumpMAhttps://t.co/mNbDUPrEeh																																																
the	very	incompetent	Mitt	Romney	Campaign	Strategist	Stuart	Stevens.	Now	I	know	why	Mitt	lost	so	badly.	Stevens	is	a	clown!																																	
Illinois!	Great	news!	#VoteTrumpIL	on	3/15!Trump	28%Cruz	15%Rubio	14%Kasich	13%Bush	8%Carson	6%Simon	Poll/SIU																																									
be	on	@seanhannity	tonight-	from	Las	Vegas	Nevada	at	10pmE.	Enjoy!	#Hannity	#Trump2016	https://t.co/mx5rxf4oHl																																								
should	be	disqualified	from	his	fraudulent	win	in	Iowa.	Weak	RNC	and	Republican	leadership	probably	won't	let	this	happen!	Sad.																																		
the	phony	ad	by	Cruz	-	totally	FALSE	more	dirty	tricks.	He	got	caught	in	so	many	lies	-	is	this	man	crazy?																															
has	now	apologized	to	Marco	Rubio	and	Ben	Carson	for	fraud	and	dirty	tricks.	No	wonder	he	has	lost	Evangelical	support!																																	
has	been	playing	an	ad	about	me	that	is	so	ridiculously	FALSE	-	no	basis	in	fact.	Take	ad	down	Ted.	Biggest	liar	in	politics!																													
Cruz	falsely	suggested	Marco	Rubio	mocked	the	Bible	and	was	just	forced	to	fire	his	Communications	Director.	More	dirty	tricks!																																		
so	important	to	audit	The	Federal	Reserve	and	yet	Ted	Cruz	missed	the	vote	on	the	bill	that	would	allow	this	to	be	done.																														
for	your	endorsement	@paulteutulsr!	#BikersForTrump	#VoteTrumpNV	Video:	https://t.co/1JEdwPPCux	https://t.co/56gkQTM7oc																																													
are	now	saying	I	won	South	Carolina	because	of	the	last	debate.	I	showed	anger	and	the	people	of	our	country	are	very	angry!																														
the	Rickets	family	who	own	the	Chicago	Cubs	are	secretly	spending	$'s	against	me.	They	better	be	careful	they	have	a	lot	to	hide!																														
that	Ted	Cruz	lost	the	Evangelicals	in	S.C.	is	because	he	is	a	world	class	LIAR	and	Evangelicals	do	not	like	liars!																																
in	Las	Vegas	at	the	best	hotel	(by	far)	Trump	International.	I	will	be	working	with	my	wonderful	teams	and	volunteers	to	WIN	Nevada!																														
of	months	ago	I	was	not	expected	to	win	South	CarolinaTed	Cruz	was	and	yet	I	won	in	a	landslide	-	every	group	and	category.	WIN!																												
Atlanta	Georgia!	Leaving	for	Nevada	now.	Lets	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	AND	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/wHfraU67yX	https://t.co/WqvxMwJk2S																																							
South	Carolina!		https://t.co/U1HoDmuuH3																																																		
was	read	from	a	parody	account	last	night	on	MSNBC	re:	Jeb.		https://t.co/4twxJ4blje																																								
@WSJ	Wall	Street	Journal	should	fire	both	its	pollster	and	its	Editorial	Board.	Seldom	has	a	paper	been	so	wrong.Totally	biased!																																	
be	live	on	all	of	the	major	morning	talk	shows.	Enjoy!																																											
@SarahPalinUSA	for	your	amazing	help	and	support.	Big	win	leaving	now	for	Atlanta	and	Nevada.The	people	of	South	Carolina	got	it!																																	
great	night.	Thank	you	South	Carolina	a	special	place	with	truly	amazing	people!	LOVE																																								
gave	me	no	chance	in	South	Carolina.	Now	it	looks	like	a	possible	win.	I	would	be	happy	with	a	one	vote	victory!	(HOPE)																														
voters	have	the	future	of	our	country	in	their	hands.	Vote	now	(today)	and	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																				
Marco	Rubio	is	very	weak	on	illegal	immigration.	South	Carolina	needs	strength	as	illegals	and	Syrians	pour	in.	Don't	allow	it																																	
if	President	Obama	would	have	attended	the	funeral	of	Justice	Scalia	if	it	were	held	in	a	Mosque?	Very	sad	that	he	did	not	go!																													
the	only	candidate	(in	many	years)	who	is	self-funding	his	campaign.	Lobbyists	and	$	interests	totally	control	all	other	candidates!																																		
Cruz	just	(on	election	day)	came	out	with	a	sneak	and	sleazy	Robocall.	He	holds	up	the	Bible	but	in	fact	is	a	TRUE	lowlife	pol!																												
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
two	major	speeches	in	South	Carolina.	Big	crowds	great	people.	Going	for	a	third	now!																																							
Apple	products		until	such	time	as	Apple	gives	cellphone	info	to	authorities	regarding	radical	Islamic	terrorist	couple	from	Cal																																		
will	follow	suit.	Our	country	needs	&amp;	should	demand	security.	It	is	time	to	get	tough	&amp;	be	smart!																																			
both	iPhone	&amp;	Samsung.	If	Apple	doesn't	give	info	to	authorities	on	the	terrorists	I'll	only	be	using	Samsung	until	they	give	info.																															
built	so	many	great	&amp;	complicated	projects–	creating	tens	of	thousands	of	jobs-video:	https://t.co/9cqt78cGiT	https://t.co/4Q7oJHKoqV																																							
https://t.co/6hP6PzPkY5																																																					
	https://t.co/zIn9Zl4Ukx																																																				
and	Bush	gave	us	Roberts	who	upheld	#ObamaCare	twice!	I	am	the	only	one	who	will	#MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!																																					
and	I	am	going	to	take	care	of	the	people	–	not	the	special	interests	and	insurance	companies	like	the	other	candidates.																																
replace	it	with	private	plans	health	savings	accounts	&amp;	allow	purchasing	across	state	lines.	Maximum	choice	&amp;	freedom	for	consumer.																																		
referring	to	a	backstop	for	pre-existing	conditions.	I	will	eliminate	the	law	in	its	entirety	&amp;	replace	it	w/	something	much	better.																																
asked	about	healthcare	by	Anderson	Cooper	&amp;	have	been	consistent-	I	will	repeal	all	of	#ObamaCare	including	the	mandate	period.																																		
from	@IvankaTrump!	#SCPrimary	#VoteTrumpSC	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	Video:	https://t.co/5NZw5Bs6NR	https://t.co/KEx85mQxEv																																														
South	Carolina!	Everyone	get	out	and	vote	tomorrow!	We	will	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/Q2qxHINAHo																																										
will	be	on	@FoxNews	with	@SeanHannity	at	10pm	and	@CNN	w/	@AndersonCooper	at	10:10pm.	Enjoy!	#VoteTrumpSC	#Trump2016																																					
MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	AGAIN!	#Trump2016	#VoteTrumpSChttps://t.co/wG4RgO0pNm	https://t.co/3XpJvBZuk5																																													
Saturday	night-	for	the	South	Carolina	Primary	Watch	Party!#SCPrimary	#Trump2016	https://t.co/AqRhLydI0u																																											
tomorrow	night	in	Charleston	South	Carolina!	#SCPrimary	#Trump2016	https://t.co/VauoRmgcVz																																													
the	Pope:https://t.co/iWDjTIQyhE																																																				
with	Marco	Rubio	that	Ted	Cruz	is	a	liar!																																													
changing	their		theme	from	fair,and,balanced	to	unfair,and,unbalanced.	But	dying	@WSJ	is	worse.Their	phony	poll	is	a		joke!																																			
South	Carolina!	Together	WE	WILL	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	#VoteTrumpSC	https://t.co/ZkXPm9lPL1																																											
https://t.co/nrcrU08sQ6																																																					
America!	#Trump2016https://t.co/U9L0ja3frk	https://t.co/oqv2dSa1ET																																																			
National	Poll	just	out	-	massive	lead	for	Trump.	The	Wall	Street	Journal/NBC	Poll	is	a	total	joke.	No	wonder	WSJ	is	doing	so	badly!																													
being	in	South	Carolina.	We	are	leading	big	in	all	of	the	State	polls	-	Saturday	is	a	BIG	day.	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																														
out	USA	Today	National	Poll	where	I	lead	by	big	numbers	shows	that	in	a	head	to	head	matchup	I	beat	both	Hillary	and	Bernie.																													
while	I	lead	by	big	numbers	in	the	new	Q	and	and	USA	Today	polls	the	the	press	only	wants	to	report	on	the	phony	WSJ/NBC	poll.																											
tomorrow	in	Kiawah	South	Carolina!	#SCPrimary	#VoteTrumpSC#Trump2016	https://t.co/pG868uImBb																																														
AMERICA!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/TRrdR0nlpM																																																		
Nevada!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/n6hGfdCWuv																																																		
https://t.co/uMLm0Gd3lX																																																					
just	got	contact	lenses	and	got	rid	of	the	glasses.	He	wants	to	look	cool	but	it's	far	too	late.	1%	in	Nevada!																															
Nevada	poll	shows	Jeb	Bush	at	1%	he	should	take	his	dumb	mouthpiece	@LindseyGrahamSC	and	just	go	home.																																				
so	biased	it	is	disgusting.	They	do	not	want	Trump	to	win.	All	negative!																																								
beat	Hillary	easily	but	Lindsey	Graham	says	I	won't	and	yet	he	got	zero	against	me-	no	cred!	Why	does	FOX	put	him	on?																														
had	zero	in	his	presidential	run	before	dropping	out	in	disgrace-	saying	the	most	horrible	things	about	me	on	@FoxNews.																																		
President	Obama	so	haltingly	said	I	would,never,be,president	-	This	from	perhaps	the	worst	president	in	U.S.	history!																																					
@megynkelly	devote	so	much	time	on	her	shows	to	me	almost	always	negative?		Without	me	her	ratings	would	tank.	Get	a	life	Megyn!																														
	@kayleighmcenany	for	your	nice	words	-	great	knowledge	and	style!	We	are	doing	really	well	in	South	Carolina.	@CNN	@donlemon																																	
that	when	Republicans	drop	out	of	the	race	someone	will	pick	up	ALL	of	that	vote.	The	fact	is	I	will	get	much	of	it!																													
@brithume	and	@megynkelly	who	know	nothing	that	I	will	beat	Hillary	and	win	states	(and	dem-indie	votes)	that	no	other	R	can!																																
interviewed	by	@StephenAtHome	tonight	by	phone-	a	late	show	first	@CBS	@colbertlateshow.	Enjoy!	#Colbert	#LSSC																																							
South	Carolina!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/pIDqnY4IL3																																																	
to	the	2500+	in	North	Augusta	South	Carolina.	Lines	down	the	block!	Don't	forget	to	VOTE	on	Saturday!	https://t.co/KayUN9rfIV																																			
thinking	of	Captain	Andrew	Maitner.	A	TRUE	American	hero.	#MaitnerStrong	https://t.co/v96l7tUFWy	https://t.co/uLuDOHEIB2																																										
down	for	a	great	interview	with	@PHussionWYFF	in	Greenville	today.	Watch	at	5pm.	An	amazing	day	in	South	Carolina!	#VoteTrumpSC																																		
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/tIBB3BMUvp																																																				
Poll	just	out	-	Trump	up	big	Cruz	Rubio	and	Bush	down.	The	debate	results	even	with	a	stacked	RNC	audience	were	wonderful!																															
full	day	at	meetings	and	a	major	rally	yesterday	in	South	Carolina.	Great	people	and	spirit.	Today	will	be	more	of	the	same.																															
Carolina	poll	from	PPP.	Thank	you!	#VoteTrumpSC	https://t.co/6618Oi6vle																																														
night!	10000	amazing	supporters	in	Greenville	South	Carolina!	THANK	YOU!VOTE	on	Saturday!	#VoteTrumpSC	https://t.co/jXYLRDayB7																																								
for	your	continued	support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/cykncrrSRE																																																	
THE	LIES	OF	SENATOR	CRUZ:	https://t.co/9PGo56YTqt#Trump2016	#VoteTrumpSC																																															
a	hypocrite!	Used	massive	private	Eminent,Domain	---	Just	another	clueless	politician!	https://t.co/yZT3lSutt9																																										
Eminent	Domain	&amp;	took	advantage	of	a	disabled	vet	in	the	process.	(2/2)https://t.co/eiBCld77tV																																									
to	call	JEB	a	liar	but	the	truth	is	he	has	no	clue	&amp;	never	revealed	that	he	used	Eminent	Domain-	when	criticizing	me!	(1/2)																													
George	Bush	is	campaigning	for	Jeb(!)	is	he	fair	game	for	questions	about	World	Trade	Center	Iraq	War	and	eco	collapse?	Careful!																																
be	in	South	Carolina	all	week.	Saturday	is	BIG	BIG	BIG!	Get	out	and	vote	-	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN																																		
and	Ted	Cruz	are	not	electable	presidential	candidates	Hillary	would	destroy	them.	Ted	may	not	be	eligible	to	run	-	born	in	Canada																															
Jeb(!)	didn't	want	help	from	his	family	in	his	failed	campaign	and	didn't	even	want	to	use	his	last	name.Then	mommy	now	brother!																															
along	with	Jeb	Bush	pushed	Justice	John	Roberts	onto	the	Supreme	Court.	Roberts	could	have	killed	ObamaCare	twice	but	didn't!																																		
the	new	CBS	Poll	I	went	way	up	into	the	forties!	Thank	you!																																									
future	debates	should	be	put	out	to	the	general	public	instead	of	being	given	to	the	lobbyists	&amp;	special	interests	-	the	bosses!																															
debate	last	night	and	almost	everyone	said	I	won	but	the	RNC	did	a	terrible	job	of	ticket	distrbution.	All	donors	&amp;	special	ints																														
for	your	support!	TOGETHER	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/fFN9pisyQ4	https://t.co/VxyuDwZmC9																																										
be	on	Face	the	Nation	with	John	Dickerson	on	CBS	this	morning.	Enjoy!																																									
what	a	complete	&amp;	total	liar	Ted	Cruz	is-	he	said	he	wouldn't	have	nominated	John	Roberts.	Really?	https://t.co/gBnsNgomom																																			
every	poll	Time	Drudge	etc.	has	me	winning	the	debate	by	a	lot	@FoxNews	only	puts	negative	people	on.	Biased	-	a	total	joke!																														
https://t.co/yVxFubckNs																																																					
see	how	I	beat	your	boy	Ted-	in	your	own	Blaze	poll?	Your	endorsement	means	nothing!	#GOPDebate																																					
																																																					
have	me	winning	debate	big-	Drudge	TIME	etc.	Dopey	Charles	Krauthammer	still	nasty.	He	has	zero	cred-	totally	dishonest!																																			
@JebBush	beat	Hillary	Clinton-	if	he	can't	beat	anyone	else	on	the	#GOPDebate	stage	with	$150M?	I	am	the	only	one	who	can!																															
I	miss	my	father.		https://t.co/1IPVwX0avU																																																
said	tonight	he	didn't	know	his	family	used	private	eminent	domain	in	Texas-	Lie!	#GOPDebate																																							
way	to	the	#GOPDebate	with	my	wonderful	wife	@MelaniaTrump.https://t.co/SnOnu6IHTC	https://t.co/f0C429tvHO																																												
is	a	cheater!	He	holds	the	Bible	high	and	then	lies	and	misrepresents	the	facts!																																							
Cruz	is	at	it	again-	same	dirty	tricks	he	used	w/	@RealBenCarson-	saying	I	may	not	be	on	ballot	&amp;	I	hold	liberal	positions.	LIES!																													
to	be	chosen	by	the	highly	respected	+	accurate	Washington	&amp;	Lee	Mock	Convention.	I	hope	you	are	right	-	I	will	make	you	proud!																													
unexpected	loss	of	Supreme	Court	Justice	Antonin	Scalia	is	a	massive	setback	for	the	Conservative	movement	and	our	COUNTRY!																																			
people	of	South	Carolina	-	look	very	much	forward	to	the	debate	tonight.																																									
South	Carolina!	We	will	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	AGAIN!https://t.co/8pfvTZngrZ	https://t.co/QiO0nwcFSA																																											
from	the	RNC	was	not	authorized.	I	am	self	funding	my	campaign!	Do	not	pay.	Email:	https://t.co/6hKW7Ssxz4																																					
big	thank	you	to	Bill	Donohue	head	of	The	Catholic	League	for	the	wonderful	interview	on	@CNN	and	article	in	Newsmax!	Great	insight																															
do	not	pay.	I	am	self	funding	my	campaign!	Notice	has	just	been	withdrawn.	#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																							
which	is	probably	not	on	my	side	just	illegally	put	out	a	fundraising	notice	saying	Trump	wants	you	to	contribute	to	the	RNC.																															
additional	600-700	jobs	in	America	-2000	being	eliminated	for	move	to	Mexico-	via	Hartford	Courant.	https://t.co/bOIYQLqGRG																																						
the	only	one	who	can	fix	this.	Very	sad.	Will	not	happen	under	my	watch!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/8MQ4imuTTi																																					
back	from	Tampa.	It	was	an	amazing	evening	with	an	even	more	amazing	crowd	-	fantastic	people!	Will	be	in	South	Carolina	tomorrow.																															
that	little	Morty	Zuckerman’s	@NYDailyNews	loses	more	than	$50 	million	per	year---can	that	be	possible?																																							
Morty	Zuckerman	closes	his	failing	@NYDailyNews	will	I	at	least	be	given	some	credit?	Will	happen	soon.																																					
venue	tonight	in	Tampa!	Broke	record	set	by	Elton	John	in	1988	w/out	musical	instruments!	Another	5000	outside.	Will	be	back!																																	
end	illegal	immigration	and	protect	our	borders!	We	need	to	MAKE	AMERICA	SAFE	&amp;	GREAT	AGAIN!	#Trump2016https://t.co/wd3LlMz01I																																					
																																																					
$'s	of	FALSE	ads		paid	for	by	lobbyists-special	interests	of	cheater	@SenTedCruz		and	sleepy	@JebBush	are	now	running	in	S.C.																																
lightweight	@JebBush	tried	to	knock	off	@marcorubio	he	made	a	total	fool	of	himself.	If	he	doesn't	do	better	this	time	he	is	out!																														
doesn’t	clean	up	his	act	stop	cheating	&amp;	doing	negative	ads	I	have	standing	to	sue	him	for	not	being	a	natural	born	citizen.																														
is	spending	a	fortune	of	special	interest	against	me	in	SC.	FALSE	advertising-	desperate	and	sad!																																						
the	news	that	they	would	not	be	able	to	extort	$1M	from	me	they	went	hostile	w/	a	series	of	incorrect	&amp;	ill-informed	ads.																														
about	the	Club	for	Growth	coming	into	my	office	and	demanding	a	$1M	contribution	which	naturally	they	did	not	get.																																		
be	registered	Republican	by	February	16th	to	vote	TRUMP	in	the	Florida	primary.	https://t.co/xZzUkjV3lLhttps://t.co/lPuprzJBQ5																																								
@NYDailyNews	destroyed	by	little	Morty	Zuckerman	is	preparing	to	close	and	save	face	by	going	online.	It's	dead!																																				
is	the	deadline	to	register	Republican.Visit:	https://t.co/bHZ4JVckOpMessage	from	@IvankaTrump:	https://t.co/SZTq1QOXEg																																												
Ted	Cruz	be	an	Evangelical	Christian	when	he	lies	so	much	and	is	so	dishonest?																																							
put	out	a	statement	“Trump	&amp;	Rubio	are	w/Obama	on	gay	marriage."	Cruz	is	the	worst	liar	crazy	or	very	dishonest.	Perhaps	all	3?																														
getting	thrown	out	by	management	during	speech.	Do	you	think	he	will	be	this	tough	on	Putin	&amp;	others?		https://t.co/Tqej1euLVL																																	
Baton	Rouge	Louisiana!	WE	will	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/XV7EIe7A2l																																														
in	Baton	Rouge	Louisiana.	Reports	are	out	that	lines	are	three	quarters	of	a	mile	to	get	in.	Wow!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																		
cold	in	lie	after	denial	of	push	polls	like	lies	w/	@RealBenCarson.	How	can	he	preach	Christian	values?	https://t.co/p3yGL02ABA																																			
Baton	Rouge	Louisiana	for	a	speech.	Expecting	a	very	large	crowd!	See	you	soon.	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																						
getting	reports	from	many	voters	that	the	Cruz	people	are	back	to	doing	very	sleazy	and	dishonest	pushpolls	on	me.	We	are	watching!																															
as	Jeb!	He	gave	up	and	enlisted	Mommy	and	his	brother	(who	got	us	into	the	quicksand	of	Iraq).	Spent	$120 	million.Weak-no	chance!																															
she)	who	hesitates	is	lost:	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																													
was	the	Republican	Party	with	the	help	of	Conservatives	that	made	so	many	promises	to	their	base	BUT	DIDN'T	KEEP	THEM!	Hi	DT																															
a	focus	group	on	@Morning_Joe	me	using	a	very	bad	word.	I	never	said	the	word	left	an	open	blank.	Please	apologize!																																
spent	more	than	$40,000,000 	in	New	Hampshire	to	come	in	4	or	5	I	spent	$3,000,000 	to	come	in	1st.	Big	difference	in	capability!																														
no	buyers	for	the	worthless	@NYDailyNews	but	little	Mort	Zuckerman	is	frantically	looking.	It	is	bleeding	red	ink	-	a	total	loser!																																
been	consistent	in	my	opposition	to	Common	Core.	Get	rid	of	Common	Core---	keep	education	local!																																						
Clemson	South	Carolina!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#SCPrimary	https://t.co/FgACmaFxxc																																																
referring	to	the	fact	that	Jeb	Bush	wants	to	keep	common	core.																																										
tonight	in	South	Carolina	-	7:00	P.M.	Tremendous	crowd!																																													
Jeb	Bush	called	me	a	highly,gifted,politician,and,a,great,entertainer	-	I	assume	that	is	a	compliment!																																									
great	experience	in	New	Hampshire	-	amazing	people!	Will	be	leaving	for	a	big	event	in	South	Carolina	today.																																			
worthless	@NYDailyNews	looks	like	@politico	will	be	going	out	of	business.	Bad	reporting-	no	money	no	cred!																																					
which	dopey	Mort	Zuckerman	is	desperately	trying	to	sell	has	no	buyer!	Liabilities	are	massive!																																							
Zuckerman	owner	of	the	worthless	@NYDailyNews	has	a	major	inferiority	complex.	Paper	will	close	soon!																																							
to	the	people	of		New	Hampshire	I	love	you!	Now	off	to	South	Carolina.																																							
New	Hampshire!	Departing	with	my	amazing	family	now!	#FITN	#NHPrimaryhttps://t.co/rbFfcq8gQq	https://t.co/73aoZk8uMG																																											
stop	heroin	and	other	drugs	from	coming	into	New	Hampshire	from	our	open	southern	border.	We	will	build	a	WALL	and	have	security.																															
immediately	repeal	and	replace	ObamaCare	-	and	nobody	can	do	that	like	me.	We	will	save	$'s	and	have	much	better	healthcare!																																
making	big	threats	today	-	no	respect	for	U.S.A.	or	our	leader	-	If	I	win	it	will	be	a	very	different	storywith	very	fast	results																												
vote	today	-		MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																														
find	your	polling	locations	at:	https://t.co/BmZyKQOZJJ	#FITN	#NHPrimary	#VoteTrumpNH	https://t.co/8lREIqhIuN																																												
to	the	great	people	of	New	Hampshire	on	this	important	day!	#VoteTrumpNH	Video:	https://t.co/7S2f2GSMB8	https://t.co/9WwRWnvqiv																																							
for	a	great	night	at	the	Verizon	Wireless	Arena-	New	Hampshire!	#VoteTrumpNH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#FITN	https://t.co/pbt7gDaw7y																																								
GREAT	AGAIN!																																																				
be	interviewed	on	@foxandfriends	at	8:40	A.M.	Enjoy!																																														
are	now	showing	that	I	am	the	best	to	win	the	GENERAL	ELECTION.	States	that	are	never	in	play	for	Repubs	will	be	won	by	me.	Great!																											
done	more	for	people	with	disabilities	than	me.	I	have	spent	many	millions	of	dollars	to	help	out-and	am	happy	to	have	done	so!																														
the	Governors	and	Jeb	Bush	who	has	gone	nasty	with	lies	is	by	far	the	weakest	of	the	lot.	His	family	used	private	eminent	domain!																													
wants	COMMON	CORE	(education	from	D.C.)	and	is	very	weak	on	ILLEGAL	IMMIGRATION	("come	as	act	of	love").	Not	a	leader!																																	
New	Hampshire!	#FITN	https://t.co/uZItWkqQZa																																																		
New	Hampshire!	#FITN	#NHPrimary	#VoteTrumpNH		Voting	questions?	https://t.co/BmZyKQOZJJ	https://t.co/1tZfqVETrX																																												
#FITNhttps://t.co/p4XCxNkXQO																																																					
Bush	has	wasted	$120 	million	of	special	interest	money	on	his	failed	campaign	he	says	he	would	end	super	PACs.	Sad!																																	
stop-	Londonderry	New	Hampshire!	Thank	you!#FITN	#VoteTrumpNH	https://t.co/pRpcxaZ7ov																																														
strong	leadership.	Politicians	can	talk	but	they	don’t	get	things	done.	Video:	https://t.co/YwZdQdzKcz	https://t.co/lBXXyuZAcO																																								
laughing	at	Jeb	Bush-spent	$100 	million	and	is	at	bottom	of	pack.	A	pathetic	figure!																																							
is	desperate	-	strongly	in	favor	of	#CommonCore	and	very	weak	on	illegal	immigration.																																								
for	your	support	at	this	mornings	Town	Hall-	in	Salem	New	Hampshire.	#FITN	#NHPrimary	https://t.co/4m6dabtxCV																																							
has	zero	communication	skills	so	he	spent	a	fortune	of	special	interest	money	on	a	Super	Bowl	ad.	He	is	a	weak	candidate!																															
wonderful	sons	Don	and	Eric	will	be	on	@foxandfriends	at	7:02	-	now!	Enjoy.																																								
the	Super	Bowl	is	very	boring	-	not	nearly	as	exciting	as	politics	-	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																				
in	New	Hampshire	having	a	great	time!	Loved	the	#GOPDebate	last	night!	Everybody	enjoy	the	Super	Bowl.	#SuperBowlSunday	#SB50																																			
Plymouth	New	Hampshire!	#FITN	#NHPrimary	https://t.co/1hzn6iZIEw																																																
Newt!		https://t.co/6FkwdpI0Oj																																																			
going	to	have	a	big	event	at	the	Verizon	Wireless	Arena	in	Manchester	New	Hampshire!	5K+!	Join	us	tomorrow:	https://t.co/HVfhtIPcIp																																		
meet	everyone	while	having	breakfast	@ChezVachon	this	morning!	#FITN	#VoteTrumpNHhttps://t.co/25UwkinUOd	https://t.co/bmZvSmWe7Y																																											
#FITN	https://t.co/jM6wrUGQox																																																				
be	on	Meet	the	Press	with	Chuck	Todd	on	NBC	this	morning.	Enjoy!	https://t.co/EIYyfFtnPs																																								
on	@foxandfriends	now!	Tune	in!																																																	
be	on	State	of	the	Union	@CNN	with	@jaketapper	at	9am.	Enjoy!																																										
us	at	the	Verizon	Wireless	Center-	Manchester	New	Hampshire	on	2/8!	Register	now:	https://t.co/xK5HYX226k	https://t.co/zjRpnoV2ih																																							
New	Hampshire	-	will	be	an	exciting	evening!																																														
tomorrow	in	Plymouth	New	Hampshire!	#FITN	#NHPrimary	https://t.co/zQscD1mCwM																																														
Hampshire	drug	epidemic	must	stop.	If	elected	POTUS-	I	will	create	borders	&amp;	the	drugs	will	stop	pouring	in.	https://t.co/YdEnhqdTbS																																		
Bush	whose	campaign	is	a	total	disaster	had	to	bring	in	mommy	to	take	a	slap	at	me.	Not	nice!																																		
We,might,as,well,abolish,our,immigration,laws,altogetherhttps://t.co/LsrIXzCyJr																																																					
this	was	happening	long	ago-	I	will	stop	this	immediately!	https://t.co/IWXGbBVwvT																																											
ends!		https://t.co/vdErsfh5H6																																																			
you	so.	Our	country	totally	lost	control	of	illegal	immigration	even	with	criminals.	https://t.co/IZgZqr6BgB																																								
in	South	Carolina	unbelievable	evening!	Will	be	in	New	Hampshire	tomorrow-	love	it.	https://t.co/tF033Yjhu3																																								
@CheriJacobus.	Begged	my	people	for	a	job.	Turned	her	down	twice	and	she	went	hostile.	Major	loser	zero	credibility!																																			
at	Clemson	University	on	Wednesday	February	10th!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/X6tp1bpIhi																																														
South	Carolina	really	big	crowd!	Will	be	back	in	New	Hampshire	tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																										
support	in	New	Hampshire.	So	many	people	are	working	so	hard	to	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!																																									
much	look	forward	to	tomorrow’s	debate	in	New	Hampshire—so	many	things	to	say	so	much	at	stake.	It	will	be	an	incredible	evening!																															
or	Die:	A	motto	for	the	whole	country	to	follow.	#NewHampshire	#FITN	#VoteTrumpNH	https://t.co/W04ezOy28v																																								
in	New	Hampshire.	Moved	my	event	to	Monday.	Will	be	there	next	four	days.																																								
Monday	February	8th	@	the	Verizon	Wireless	Arena	in	Manchester	New	Hampshire!	#FITN	#NHPolitics	#Trump2016	https://t.co/HVfhtJ6O6Z																																						
on	NOW!	@CNN																																																			
be	interviewed	by	Anderson	Cooper	at	8pm	on	@CNN	from	New	Hampshire.	Should	be	very	interesting!																																						
helicopter	to	New	Hampshire	boarding	now.	Amazing	activity	planned.	New	UMASS	poll	very	nice!	https://t.co/xFvGE0dRlA																																							
trying	to	chip	away	at	the	2nd	Amendment.	I	won’t	let	them	take	away	our	guns!	#Trump2016Watch:	https://t.co/zl4sMjmOUc																																				
the	Cruz	voter	violation	certificate	sent	to	everyone	a	misdemeanor	at	minimum.	https://t.co/tMav17UGkf																																									
as	per	the	show	an	even	more	serious	Cruz	charge	is	the	fraudulent	voter	violation	certificate	sent	to	everyone.																																			
&amp;	@oreillyfactor	discuss	what	Ted	Cruz	did	to	the	great	people	of	Iowa-	as	they	went	to	vote.	https://t.co/Tv0FNezxse																																			
@billoreilly	&amp;	@KarlRove.	Ted	Cruz	should	be	immediately	disqualified	in	Iowa	with	each	candidate	moving	up	one	notch.																																				
he	wants	to	run	against	me	because	he	doesn't	want	to	run	against	me.	He	would	be	so	easy	to	beat!																																	
to	everyone	in	Little	Rock	Arkansas	tonight!	A	record	crowd	of	12K.	#Trump2016https://t.co/MjtIq2ii0Q	https://t.co/I9WkPN3pWm																																								
assault	on	American	values.	Stand	w/	Trump	to	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#VotersSpeak:	https://t.co/XRRJ0fMkNV	https://t.co/c7EHokbLD1																																											
New	Hampshire!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#FITN	https://t.co/4EFJbQxJGW																																																	
Carson	blasted	Ted	Cruz	for	deceit,and,dirty,tricks,and,lies.																																																
lied	again-	I	am	and	have	been	totally	against	#ObamaCare-	repeal	and	replace!																																									
of	Iowa	should	disqualify	Ted	Cruz	from	the	most	recent	election	on	the	basis	that	he	cheated-	a	total	fraud!																																		
sent	out	from	Ted	Cruz-	as	Iowans	arrived	at	their	caucus	sites	to	vote.	#CruzFraud	https://t.co/tRM7KUCrSU																																						
be	interviewed	on	@greta	at	7:00	P.M.	Enjoy!	@FoxNews																																													
the	fraud	committed	by	Senator	Ted	Cruz	during	the	Iowa	Caucus	either	a	new	election	should	take	place	or	Cruz	results	nullified.																																
Cruz	strongly	told	thousands	of	caucusgoers	(voters)	that	Trump	was	strongly	in	favor	of	ObamaCare	and	choice	-	a	total	lie!																																	
Violation	certificate	gave	poor	marks	to	the	unsuspecting	voter(grade	of	F)	and	told	them	to	clear	it	up	by	voting	for	Cruz.	Fraud																															
voted	for	Cruz	over	Carson	because	of	this	Cruz	fraud.	Also	Cruz	sent	out	a	VOTER	VIOLATION	certificate	to	thousands	of	voters.																																
of	the	Iowa	Caucus	Cruz	put	out	a	release	that	@RealBenCarson	was	quitting	the	race	and	to	caucus	(or	vote)	for	Cruz.																																
didn't	win	Iowa	he	stole	it.	That	is	why	all	of	the	polls	were	so	wrong	and	why	he	got	far	more	votes	than	anticipated.	Bad!																												
on	@donlemon	tonight	@kayleighmcenany		@cherijacobus	begged	us	for	a	job.	We	said	no	and	she	went	hostile.	A	real	dummy!	@CNN																																
way	to	New	Hampshire-	expecting	a	big	and	spirited	crowd!	#FITN	#Trump2016	https://t.co/oUg1ErD0j7	https://t.co/9Hb7JO3wrZ																																								
watched	all	of	Ted	Cruz's	far	too	long	rambling	overly	flamboyant	speech	last	nite	would	say	that	was	his	Howard	Dean	moment!																																
@mikebarnicle	on	@realDonaldTrump:	He	finished	2nd	but	he	made	the	turn	successfully	like	a	pro"																																							
believe	I	have	been	given	any	credit	by	the	voters	for	self-funding	my	campaign	the	only	one.	I	will	keep	doing	but	not	worth	it!																													
be	talking	about	my	wonderful	experience	in	Iowa	and	the	simultaneous	unfair	treatment	by	the	media-later	in	New	Hampshire.	Big	crowd																																	
has	not	covered	my	long-shot	great	finish	in	Iowa	fairly.	Brought	in	record	voters	and	got	second	highest	vote	total	in	history!																																
was	told	I	could	not	do	well	in	Iowa	I	spent	very	little	there	-	a	fraction	of	Cruz	&amp;	Rubio.	Came	in	a	strong	second.	Great	honor																										
in	Iowa	was	a	great	one.	I	started	out	with	all	of	the	experts	saying	I	couldn't	do	well	there	and	ended	up	in	2nd	place.	Nice																											
begins	today	-	WE	WILL	FINALLY	TAKE	OUR	COUNTRY	BACK	AND	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																																							
#CaucusForTrump11am	WATERLOO:	https://t.co/DGw5Yk2iSi1:30pm	CEDER	RAPIDS:	https://t.co/6WZTqOy4TW	https://t.co/yyjQ1iFT2x																																															
his	wife	@MrsVanessaTrump	attended	the	#SnowflakeGardenBrunch-	here	w/	Governor	@TerryBranstad.	https://t.co/mgLh9Im9QI																																											
show	you	how	easy	it	is	to	#CaucusForTrump	in	Iowa!	#IACaucus	Video:	https://t.co/Bf4J2OBtUU	https://t.co/4Ma5JSkFu7																																								
to	get	an	endorsement	from	the	founder	and	owner	of	Pizza	Ranch	in	Iowa!	A	great	guy	and	great	places!	#CaucusForTrump																																	
time	to	take	back	our	country-	and	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!#CaucusForTrump	Video:	https://t.co/y9Fa8Ut6IP	https://t.co/bJ6a0t9Pv2																																								
be	interviewed	on	Face	The	Nation	with	@jdickerson	this	morning.	Enjoy!																																											
in	Iowa.	Will	be	interviewed	on	This	Week	With	@GStephanopoulos		this	morning.	ENJOY!																																								
would	have	done	the	last	debate	a	record	would	have	been	set	(instead	of	the	poor	ratings	recieved).	Also	VETS	got	$6,000,000.00 																																
doing	the	failed	poorly	rated	debate	I	was	able	to	make	the	point	of	not	allowing	unfairness	-	while	raising	$6,000,000 	for	VETS.																															
saw	an	ad	-	Cruz	is	lying	on	so	many	levels.	There	is	nobody	more	against	ObamaCare	than	me	will	repeal	&amp;	replace.	He	lies!																													
is	in	trouble	for	not	reporting	his	bank	borrowing	in	his	very	important	Financial	Disclosure	Form.	Very	low	interest	loans	scam!																																	
is	totally	unelectable	if	he	even	gets	to	run	(born	in	Canada).	Will	loose	big	to	Hillary.	Polls	show	I	beat	Hillary	easily!	WIN!																														
be	going	to	church	in	Iowa	this	morning	with	my	wife	Melania.	After	church	I	will	be	making	two	speeches	and	touring	the	State!																														
a	total	phony	and	con	man.	When	I	wouldn't	give	him	free	hotel	rooms	and	much	more	he	endorsed	Cruz.	@foxandfriends																																	
me	to	do	an	event.	The	people	holding	the	event	called	me	to	say	he	wanted	$100,000 	for	himself.Phony	@foxandfriends																																		
a	total	phony	and	dishonest	guy.	Asked	me	for	expensive	hotel	rooms	free	(and	more).	I	said	pay	and	he	endorsed	Cruz!																																
campaign	issued	a	dishonest	and	deceptive	get	out	the	vote	ad	calling	voters	in,violation.	They	are	now	under	investigation.	Bad!																																		
GREAT	AGAIN!	#IACaucus	#CaucusForTrumphttps://t.co/nU39QHzxxX	https://t.co/IrrzLCa2ev																																																	
#iVotedhttps://t.co/jSYl2IYjPO																																																					
to	thank	evangelical	Christians	for	the	warm	embrace	I've	received	on	the	campaign	trail.	Video:	https://t.co/u6oOcWGePe																																						
be	in	Iowa	all	day	and	until	Tuesday	morning.	Finally	after	all	these	years	of	watching	stupidity	we	will	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																															
is	a	major	national	security	risk.	Not	presidential	material!																																													
to	all	of	the	incredible	volunteers	behind	the	scenes	in	Iowa!	#CaucusForTrump	https://t.co/osvIsBwAgX	https://t.co/EY0wNYv9XD																																								
to	a	great	weekend	in	Iowa!	#IACaucus	#CaucusForTrump	Tickets:	https://t.co/nU39QHzxxX	https://t.co/xZlwspf6xe																																											
The	people	of	Iowa	love	the	fact	that	I	stuck	up	for	my	rights	as	I	will	do	for	the	U.S.	Also	got	$6,000,000 	for	our	VETS!																											
the	only	network	that	does	not	even	mention	my	very	successful	event	last	night.	$6,000,000 	raised	in	one	hour	for	our	VETS.																																
Ted	Cruz	can't	even	get	a	Senator	like	@BenSasse	who	is	easy	to	endorse	him.	Not	one	Senator		is	endorsing	Canada	Ted!																															
more	like	a	gym	rat	than	a	U.S.	Senator.	How	the	hell	did	he	ever	get	elected?		@greta																																			
State	of	Nebraska	can	do	much	better	than	@BenSasse	as	your	Senator.	Saw	him	on	@greta	-	totally	ineffective.	Wants	paid	for	pols.																															
e-mail	release	is	a	disaster	for	Hillary	Clinton.	At	a	minimum	how	can	someone	with	such	bad	judgement	be	our	next	president?																																
for	all	of	your	support	Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016#IACaucus	finder:	https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq	https://t.co/fQAxuMe01b																																												
that	if	I	participated	in	last	night’s	Fox	debate	they	would	have	had	12	million	more	&amp;	would	have	broken	the	all	time	record.																														
America!	#Trump2016Via	@DRUDGE_REPORT	https://t.co/hVa0gJiBNz																																																		
tomorrow	in	Dubuque	Iowa!	#IACaucus	#Trump2016	https://t.co/rWbHdaYgBl																																															
Nashua	New	Hampshire!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/NpJGvQwYU5	https://t.co/9h8CgrCXGB																																																
Wayne	Walding	https://t.co/wG8EzPHZt1																																																			
FOX2	Michigan	Poll	finds	Trump	holds	1-Mar	lead	over	closest	GOP	opponents.	Trump	47%	Clinton	43%	https://t.co/xpaeV0YzGV																																					
poll-	and	I	wasn't	even	there.	Thank	you!	#GOPDebate	https://t.co/yLJGkoOeBg																																												
to	take	off	for	Nashua	New	Hampshire.	Big	crowd	will	be	there	soon.	Fun!																																								
amazing	last	night.	The	event	could	not	have	worked	out	better.	We	raised	$6,000,000 	for	our	great	vets.	They	were	so	happy	&amp;	proud																														
for	your	interest	&amp;	support	during	last	nights	#GOPDebate!	#IACaucus	finder:	https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq	https://t.co/yadQiPC49g																																									
America!	Thank	you	for	all	of	your	support	in	the	latest	Drudge	poll!	https://t.co/XDnixWnqwb	https://t.co/yUTtLnALxy																																							
for	your	support!https://t.co/Mjr8D4dDrK																																																			
America!		https://t.co/YJ0KIYpTaV																																																			
2/1/16	•	6:30pm#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Iowa	caucus	finder:	https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq	#GOPDebate	https://t.co/HLuyCcuLcp																																														
for	the	kind	words	tonight	@OMAROSA.	You	were	great!	See	you	soon!																																										
take	care	of	the	Veterans	who	have	served	this	country	so	bravely.#ThankAVet	Video:	https://t.co/WH9GSeSH29	https://t.co/WMR7jnmsyz																																							
night	in	Iowa	with	our	great	Veterans!	We	raised	$6,000,000.00 	while	the	politicians	talked!	#GOPDebate																																							
Charles	@krauthammer	a	@FoxNews	flunky	who	didn't	know	that	I	won	every	debate	in	particular-	the	last	one.	Check	polls!																																		
																																																					
Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZ8EpQ	https://t.co/gicaoEOFCC																																																				
that	@SenTedCruz’s	$$	man	Robert	Mercer	a	good	man	is	very	angry	because	Cruz	lied	to	him	about	liquidating	his	(Ted’s)	holdings.?																																
Anticipated	Hotel	Openings	of	2016:00:00	Trump	International	Hotel	Washington	D.C.	https://t.co/jd3H0LQcas																																											
Pollhttps://t.co/hfSxKaXC42Trump	32.7%Cruz	16.5%Carson	6.6%Rubio	5.3%Christie	2.4%Jeb	1.60%																																															
my	great	honor	to	support	our	Veterans	with	you!	You	can	join	me	now.	Thank	you!	#Trump4Vetshttps://t.co/UVn3kUd2DV																																					
Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq	https://t.co/1vjCHYYlzU																																																				
correct	takes	too	much	time.	We	have	too	much	to	get	done!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/8icSqEombg	https://t.co/fkgkcVxVo7																																							
Needs:	The	Case	for	Trump”	Great	new	book	by	the	esteemed	Jeffrey	Lord	@JeffJlpa1	Available	now.	https://t.co/xeHKbIDApr																																					
tonight	will	be	a	total	disaster	-	low	ratings	with	advertisers	and	advertising	rates	dropping	like	a	rock.	I	hate	to	see	this.																															
candidates	called	last	night	and	said	they	want	to	go	to	my	event	tonight	at	Drake	University.																																					
Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq	https://t.co/thNiQh0nY6																																																				
87%	of	the	people	said	they	would	not	watch	the	debate	if	I'm	not	in	it.	Wow-	what	an	honor!																																		
advertising	rates	falling	like	a	rock!	Tune	into	my	special	event	for	the	Veterans	at	9pm	EST!																																					
Lexington	South	Carolina!#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/jaiRNIyYGL	https://t.co/upAo2eDDVB																																																	
the	childishly	written	&amp;	taunting	PR	statement	by	Fox	that	made	me	not	do	the	debate	more	so	than	lightweight	reporter	@megynkelly.																																
be	interviewed	on	@oreillyfactor	tonight	at	8:00	P.M.	(Eastern).	Enjoy!																																												
self	funding	my	campaign	so	I	do	not	owe	anything	to	lobbyists	&amp;	special	interests.	https://t.co/QYcedgsoV3	https://t.co/5f7zFDiVsN																																					
I	beat	him	in	the	first	six	debates	especially	the	last	one	Ted	Cruz	wants	to	debate	me	again.	Can	we	do	it	in	Canada?																													
to	listen	to	Rush	Limbaugh	-	the	guy	is	fantastic!																																												
put	out	yesterday	by	@FoxNews	was	a	disgrace	to	good	broadcasting	and	journalism.	Who	would	ever	say	something	so	nasty	&amp;	dumb																																
to	call	Megyn	Kelly	a	bimbo	because	that	would	not	be	politically	correct.	Instead	I	will	only	call	her	a	lightweight	reporter!																																
THE	NATION	-	Posts	Largest	Audience	Since	2001#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/TzZx97FU1n																																												
																																																					
by	@foxnews	to	try	and	build	up	ratings	for	the	#GOPDebate.	Without	me	they'd	have	no	ratings!	https://t.co/2bx54VKpQh																																				
America!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/7xxWD0au9H																																																			
																																																					
https://t.co/ClcvOgWOMy																																																					
#Trump2016#IACaucus	finder:	https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq	https://t.co/CxqTh61ssz																																																		
think	@SenTedCruz	knows	about	@bobvanderplaats	dealings?	Actually	I	doubt	it!																																												
do	the	#GOPdebate?	https://t.co/cjTywwIl85																																																		
me	to	do	an	event	while	asking	organizers	for	$100,000 	for	himself—a	bad	guy!																																								
Rev.	Jerry	Falwell	Jr.	of	Liberty	University	one	of	the	most	respected	religious	leaders	in	our	nation	has	just	endorsed	me!																																	
https://t.co/oJyGTj5QX8																																																					
great	people	of	Iowa	find	your	#IACaucus	location	at	https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq	-	so	important	to	vote!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																						
phony		@bobvanderplaats	tell	his	followers	all	the	times	he	asked	for	him	and	his	family	to	stay	at	my	hotels-didn't	like	paying																															
end	common	core.	It's	a	disaster.https://t.co/d83XYrqZ3m#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/r0Sc6zm80I																																														
																																																					
be	interviewed	by	@MariaBartiromo	on	@MorningsMaria		@FoxBusiness	at	7:30	A.M.	Enjoy.																																										
be	doing	@GMA	@GStephanopoulos	this	morning	at	around	7:00	Likewise	I	will	be	doing	@Morning_Joe	at	around	7:00	Figure	it	out!																																	
-	Farmington	New	Hampshire!	#FITN	#Trump2016	https://t.co/bJ9Z3qZBQu																																															
in	New	Hampshire.	Will	be	at	the	venue	shortly.	#FITN																																												
Eagle	Forum:	‘National	Review	Will	Be	Defunct	In	The	Next	Year’	https://t.co/S7QmDkv2sg																																										
for	New	Hampshire.	Big	crowd-	looking	forward	to	it!	#FITN																																												
are	almost	as	bad	as	Jeb's.	These	politicians	will	do	anything	to	stay	at	the	trough!																																						
down	fast	in	recent	polls-	dropping	like	a	rock.	Lies	never	work!																																										
is	a	nervous	wreck.	He	is	making	reckless	charges	not	caring	for	the	truth!	His	poll	#'s	are	way	down!																																		
be	on	@CNNSitRoom	with	@wolfblitzer	from	5-7pm	est.	on	@CNN.																																												
be	on	Morning's	with	Maria	on	the	Fox	Business	Network	tomorrow	during	the	7am	and	8am	ET	hours.																																				
where	to	#VoteTrump	on	caucus	night	in	Iowa	on	2/1/16!#IACaucus	#FITN	#Trump2016	https://t.co/xd9iG0uh4l	https://t.co/ocIpo2DInT																																								
vs.	Trump's	deals-	https://t.co/UpQ3LkUUpm																																																		
in	Iowa	tomorrow!	#IACaucus	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	3:00pm:	https://t.co/cWQKRAgqfX	7:30pm:	https://t.co/v2Ejh0TweS																																												
be	on	The	Situation	Room	with	@wolfblitzer	from	5-7pm	est	on	CNN																																										
to	win	for	the	people	of	this	great	country.	The	only	people	I	will	owe	are	the	voters.	#Trump2016	Video:	https://t.co/rx7aOQqN7y																																	
you!	#Trump2016	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/sbzp75EPSq																																																		
for	Ted	Cruz	to	either	settle	his	problem	with	the	FACT	that	he	was	born	in	Canada	and	was	a	citizen	of	Canada	or	get	out	of	race																										
PollThank	you	New	Hampshire!	#FITN#Trump2016	https://t.co/jC1qisBbit																																																
News	PollThank	you	Iowa!	#Trump2016	#IACaucus	https://t.co/aCj0Hq20hV																																															
make	our	Military	so	big	powerful	&amp;	strong	that	no	one	will	mess	with	us.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/fxgCl9J1Wf	https://t.co/PJECpbmkSE																																				
be	on	Face	The	Nation	this	morning	at	various	times	across	the	U.S.	@CBSNews		Enjoy!																																						
be	on	@meetthepress	this	morning	at	various	times	across	the	U.S.	@NBCNews		Enjoy!																																								
correct	predictions.	National	Review	is	over.	https://t.co/tEHJTl6tNAreview-doomed																																															
that	crying	@GlennBeck	left	the	GOP	and	doesn't	have	the	right	to	vote	in	the	Republican	primary.	Dumb	as	a	rock.																																	
in	Illinois	as	to	whether	or	not	Cruz	can	run	for	President.	First	of	many	challenges.	https://t.co/j9pngqvo5X																																					
a	great	event	in	Pella.	Going	to	church	tomorrow	in	Muscatine	Iowa.																																										
be	on	FOX	with	the	great	@JudgeJeanine	tonight	at	9pm	EST!	Enjoy!	#Trump2016																																									
an	honor	to	get	your	endorsement.	You	are	a	fantastic	guy!	It	will	not	be	forgotten.	Don	and	Eric	say	hello!																																	
to	Pella	Iowa.	Big	crowd!	Remember	Trump	is	a	big	buyer	of	Pella	windows.	See	you	soon!																																					
great	people	of	Iowa	find	your	#IACaucus	location	at	https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm.	So	important	to	vote!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain																																							
Sioux	Center	Iowa.	My	speech	was	very	well	received.	Truly	great	people!	Packed	house-	overflow!																																							
story	on	Iowa	voters	by	@arappeport	of	the	@NYTimes.	https://t.co/fGVQsMbRKj																																												
lost	all	credibility.	Not	only	was	he	fired	@	FOX	he	would	have	voted	for	Clinton	over	McCain.	https://t.co/dfCOkb7Ex8																																			
@MegynKelly's	conflict	of	interest	and	bias	she	should	not	be	allowed	to	be	a	moderator	of	the	next	debate.																																			
Sioux	County	Iowa	where	the	crowd	is	amazing.	Dr.	Robert	Jeffress	will	make	the	introduction.	Make	America	Great	Again!																																			
poll	numbers	are	down	big.	Because	he	was	born	in	Canada	and	was	until	recently	a	Canadian	citizen	many	believe	he	cannot	run!																															
in	Iowa	watching	all	of	these	phony	T.V.	ads	by	the	other	candidates.	All	bull	politicians	are	all	talk	and	no	action-it	won't	happen!																														
been	amazing.	We	will	win	and	establish	strong	borders	we	will	build	a	WALL	and	Mexico	will	pay.	We	will	be	great	again!																															
be	the	greatest	job-producing	president	in	American	history.	#Trump2016	#VoteTrump	https://t.co/tykxcT5ZtG	https://t.co/oc480lwVQg																																										
in	Iowa.	Will	be	making	two	speeches	today.	Good	luck	to	all	of	the	great	folks	on	the	East	coast.	Enjoy	the	beauty	of	the	storm!																												
article	by	a	writer	who	truly	gets	it.	I	am	for	the	people	and	the	people	are	for	me.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/6rh849dlYZ																																	
honest?	He	is	in	bed	w/	Wall	St.	&amp;	is	funded	by	Goldman	Sachs/Citi	low	interest	loans.	No	legal	disclosure	&amp;	never	sold	off	assets.																													
not	renounce	his	Canadian	citizenship	as	a	US	Senator-	only	when	he	started	to	run	for	#POTUS.	He	could	be	Canadian	Prime	Minister.																															
I	supported	TARP	which	gave	$25 	million	to	Goldman	Sachs	the	bank	which	loaned	him	the	money	he	didn't	disclose.	Puppet!																																	
reason	irrelevant	@GlennBeck	doesn't	like	me	is	I	refused	to	do	his	failing	show	-	asked	many	times.	Very	few	listeners	-	sad!																															
of	the	National	Review	lightweights	came	to	my	office	begging	for	money	like	a	dog.	Why	doesn't	he	say	that?																																		
Jeb's	ad	where	he	desperately	needed	mommy	to	help	him.	Jeb	---	mom	can't	help	you	with	ISIS	the	Chinese	or	with	Putin.																															
went	down	big	in	just	released	Reuters	poll	-	what's	going	on?	Is	it	Goldman	Sachs/Citi	loans	or	Canada?																																			
is	great	tells	it	as	he	sees	it---really	honorable	guy!	Thanks	Rush!	#Trump2016																																									
scam	Washington	Post	does	among	the	most	inaccurate	stories	of	all.	Really	dishonest	reporting.																																								
the	new	Fox	poll.Thank	you	America!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/QKNineuS8H																																														
National	Zogby	Poll	just	out:.TRUMP	45	CRUZ	13	RUBIO	8	Big	numbers.																																										
now	for	Iowa.	Things	are	looking	good	-	great	new	polls!																																											
GOP	Zogby	Poll#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/Ma6OABMYpF	https://t.co/evqFrWKBD1																																																	
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	https://t.co/9IPw30G5OG																																																				
poll!	Thank	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/KDVZoUia4I																																																	
@NRO	National	Review	has	totally	given	up	the	fight	against	Barrack	Obama.	They	have	been	losing	for	years.	I	will	beat	Hillary!																																
might	be	my	highest	#	yet!	Thank	you	to	my	opposition-	you	are	totally	ineffective	&amp;	have	been	for	years!	https://t.co/o1l1XNZvhU																																	
$89 	million	@JebBush	is	at	the	bottom	of	the	barrel	in	polls.	He	is	ashamed	to	use	the	name	Bush	in	ads.	Low	energy	guy!																													
@NRO	National	Review	Magazine	has	just	been	informed	by	the	Republican	National	Committee	that	they	cannot	participate	in	debate																																			
Constitutional	law	professor	Mary	Brigid	McManamon	has	just	stated	Ted,Cruz,is,not,eligible,to,be,President.	Big	problem																																										
to	be	President	not	settled	law	says	Cruz'	Constitutional	Law	Professor	#LaurenceTribe	https://t.co/GWKoJsBINZ"																																									
complains	about	my	views	on	eminent	domain	but	without	it	we	wouldn't	have	roads	highways	airports	schools	or	even	pipelines.																																		
great	William	F.	Buckley	would	be	ashamed	of	what	had	happened	to	his	prize	the	dying	National	Review!																																				
people	read	the	National	Review	because	it	only	knows	how	to	criticize	but	not	how	to	lead.																																					
is	a	failing	publication	that	has	lost	it's	way.	It's	circulation	is	way	down	w	its	influence	being	at	an	all	time	low.	Sad!																														
Iowa!	#FITN	#IACaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/wVJldvTSag																																																	
@Greta	have	a	fired	Bushy	like	dummy	John	Sununu	on-	spewing	FALSE	info?	I	will	beat	Hillary	by	a	lot	she	wants	no	part	of	Trump.																												
https://t.co/vfUwGIGjN4																																																					
New	Hampshire!#Trump2016	https://t.co/TG9oZKly4l																																																			
#Trump2016	https://t.co/pcdmyIO1Zt																																																				
Iowa!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/ryhEheTLqN																																																			
to	my	friend	the	great	@jacknicklaus	-	a	totally	special	guy!																																											
on	CNN	treats	me	very	badly.	@AlisynCamerota	is	a	disaster.	Not	going	to	watch	anymore.																																							
candidate	@JebBush	has	wasted	$80 	million	on	his	failed	presidential	campaign.	Millions	spent	on	me.	He	should	go	home	and	relax!																																	
@JebBush	has	just	done	another	ad	on	me	with	special	interest	money	saying	I	won't	beat	Hillary	-	I	WILL.	But	he	can't	beat	me.																													
that	@CNN	and	many	others	refused	to	show	the	massive	crowd	at	the	arena	yesterday	in	Oklahoma.	Dishonest	reporting!																																			
THE	NATIONVideo:	https://t.co/1ZWE5R183k	https://t.co/Md10pL1wn8																																																		
is	a	sad	answer	to	the	@SarahPalinUSA	endorsement	that	Cruz	so	desperately	wanted.	Glenn	is	a	failing	crying	lost	soul!																																		
New	Hampshire	poll	just	released.	Thank	you!	#FITN	#Trump2016	https://t.co/sZr9taU20G																																												
Warns	of	‘Cataclysmic’	Losses	With	Ted	Cruz	and	Says	Donald	Trump	Would	Do	Better	via	New	York	Times:	https://t.co/txEaLrZ4uY																																			
New	Hampshire!	#FITN#Trump2016	#NHPolitics	https://t.co/3FkMZpaEdR																																																	
Florida!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/npcw1AN2ht																																																			
OK!	Had	to	turn	away	5k	but	we	are	coming	back	soon	to	take	care	of	them!	So	much	love	in	the	crowd!	Thanks!	https://t.co/XsOeREiYuA																													
in	Iowa!	Such	wonderful	people.	Traveling	now	with	@SarahPalinUSA	to	Tulsa-	massive	crowd	expected!	https://t.co/gaK4KEbHOh																																							
CHANGING	EXPERIENCEVideo:	https://t.co/8kAswDS0bc	https://t.co/0bSTLvq7V9																																																		
greatly	honored	to	receive	Sarah	Palin's	endorsement	tonight.	Video:	https://t.co/4P7AMKI4iq	https://t.co/bjTPvwM4nW																																											
Slams	GOP	Establishment:https://t.co/gEhfZ3NAhi																																																			
#ECONOMY	-	VIDEO:	https://t.co/KrCUSYFPLb	https://t.co/KsVYviVdc2																																																	
among	evangelicals	is	as	gold	as	the	faucets	in	Trump	tower”	said	Ralph	Reed	the	chairman	of	the	Faith	&amp;	Freedom	Coalition.																																
highly	respected	Governor	of	Iowa	just	stated	that	Ted,Cruz,must,be,defeated.	Big	shoker!	People	do	not	like	Ted.																																						
honor	to	receive	the	endorsement	of	John	Wayne's	daughter....read:	https://t.co/X6jR0WVBvd	https://t.co/1e6gk0PsQH																																											
just	released	SC	poll	I	increased	my	lead	by	4	points	since	last	poll	by	same	firm.	Up	by	14!	Cruz	dropped	3	https://t.co/qM4JUsyaqH																														
for	your	strong	testimony	when	welcoming	me	to	Liberty	University	yesterday-	@JerryJrFalwell.	https://t.co/VJgj7AC5tE																																									
Georgia!	I	appreciate	all	of	your	support.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/oNbgRpjKDl																																													
read	your	complete	statement.	You	are	an	amazing	guy	&amp;	I	really	appreciate	your	words	&amp;	support.	I	will	see	you	soon!																																
way	to	Iowa-	just	received	new	national	poll	numbers.	Thank	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/sQ9UEVW4Vp																																									
that	the	failing	New	York	Times	allows	dishonest	writers	to	totally	fabricate	stories.																																									
Bruni	said	I	called	many	people	including	Karl	Rove	losers-true!	I	never	called	my	friend	@HowardStern	a	loser-	he’s	a	winner!																																	
Stances	on	Birthright	Citizenship	[14th	Amendment]	Gives	#TeamTrump	credit.	https://t.co/0x2qed7174																																												
polls	just	out	have	Trump	up	and	Cruz	down	-	he	is	a	nervous	wreck!																																							
job	on	@AC360.	Thank	you	for	the	very	smart	and	kind	words!																																										
																																																					
think	Ted	Cruz	can	even	run	for	President	until	he	can	assure	Republican	voters	that	being	born	in	Canada	is	not	a	problem.	Doubt!																														
is	falling	in	the	polls.	He	is	nervous.	People	are	worried	about	his	place	of	birth	and	his	failure	to	report	his	loans	from	banks!																													
being	at	Liberty	University	today!	Record	setting	crowd	unbelievable	people!	Thank	you	Jerry	and	Becki!	https://t.co/YrLGb7wXyh																																						
a	new	series	of	#Trump2016	videos	via	Facebook.	A	new	topic	everyday!	Watch:	https://t.co/NXWNOcWZgc	https://t.co/52E3LU3W77																																							
morning	with	everyone	@LibertyU!	Thank	you!	Off	to	New	Hampshire	now.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/XUWGANbq8k	https://t.co/aEMUMqSoWm																																								
Liberty	University.	I'll	be	speaking	today	in	front	of	a	record	crowd.	#Trump2016																																									
reminder	that	Ted	Cruz	supported	liberal	Justice	John	Roberts	who	gave	us	#Obamacare.	https://t.co/gBnsNgomom																																								
@IvankaTrump	for	the	kind	words.	I	am	very	proud	of	the	role	model	you	are	for	so	many.	NH	&amp;	IA	radio	ad:	https://t.co/NqJJVdapnG																														
self-funding	my	campaign	-	putting	up	my	own	money	not	controlled.		Cruz	is	spending	$millions	on	ads	paid	for	by	his	N.Y.	bosses.																														
killed	than	anticipated	in	radical	Islamic	terror	attack	yesterday.	Get	tough	and	smart	U.S.	or	we	won't	have	a	country	anymore!																																	
in	Ames	Iowa	on	Tuesday!	You	will	not	want	to	miss	this	rally!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/J2wyAfXdlz	https://t.co/lErVfowpMX																																						
going	to	buy	114	jetliners	with	a	small	part	of	the	$150 	billion	we	are	giving	them...but	they	won't	buy	from	U.S.	rather	Airbus!																														
deal	we	get	4	prisoners.	They	get	$150 	billion	7	most	wanted	and	many	off	watch	list.	This	will	create	great	incentive	for	others!																														
from	Peggy	Noonan.	https://t.co/jAxIy8xseM																																																		
the	New	York	that	Ted	Cruz	is	talking	about	&amp;	demeaning?	https://t.co/rYGX9vazku																																										
Cruz	received	$487K	in	campaign	contributions	$11M	from	a	NY	hedge	fund	mogul	&amp;	$1M	low	int.	loan	from	Goldman	Sachs.	Hypocrite																																
now-	great	morning	with	record	crowd	in	Portsmouth-	in	a	snow	storm!	Thank	you!	https://t.co/m98wooUwsG	https://t.co/izBMhEZolh																																						
of	@TedCruz	to	file	a	financial	disclosure	form	&amp;	not	list	his	lending	banks-	then	pretend	he	is	going	to	clean	up	Wall	St																														
@TedCruz	give	all	the	New	York	based	campaign	contributions	back	to	the	special	interests	that	control	him.																																					
loves	the	people	of	New	York	and	all	they	have	been	thru	should	get	hypocrites	like	Ted	Cruz	out	of	politics!																																	
Cruz	is	so	opposed	to	gay	marriage	why	did	he	accept	money	from	people	who	espouse	gay	marriage?																																				
the	ultimate	hypocrite.	Says	one	thing	for	money	does	another	for	votes.	https://t.co/hxdfy0mjVw																																									
numbers.	Thank	you!	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/Z1lQdxQvRL	https://t.co/GFYNUWWCYn																																																
purposely	and	illegally	did	not	list	on	his	personal	disclosure	form	personally	guaranteed	loans	from	banks.	They	own	him!																																			
the	fact	that	Ted	Cruz	was	born	in	Canada	and	is	therefore	a	natural,born,Canadian	did	he	borrow	unreported	loans	from	C	banks?																																
just	reported	that	Ted	Cruz	didn't	report	another	loan	this	one	from	Citi.	Wow	no	wonder	banks	do	so	well	in	the	U.S.	Senate.																														
Cruz	wiseguy	apology	to	the	people	of	New	York	is	a	disgrace.	Remember	his	wife's	employer	and	his	lender	is	located	there!																																
another	loan	that	Ted	Cruz	FORGOT	to	file.	Goldman	Sachs	owns	him	he	will	do	anything	they	demand.	Not	much	of	a	reformer!																															
said	he	didn't,know	that	he	was	a	Canadian	Citizen.	He	also	FORGOT	to	file	his	Goldman	Sachs	Million	$	loan	papers.Not	believable																																
was	born	in	Canada	and	was	a	Canadian	citizen	until	15	months	ago.	Lawsuits	have	just	been	filed	with	more	to	follow.	I	told	you	so																												
Islam	attacks	today	-	it	never	ends!	Strengthen	the	borders	we	must	be	vigilant	and	smart.	No	more	being	politically	correct.																																	
a	total	clown.	Has	zero	credibility!		@FoxNews		@megynkelly																																												
explain	to	the	very	dumb	and	failing	@glennbeck	that	I	supported	John	McCain	big	league	in	2008	not	Obama!																																			
back	from	Iowa	-	had	a	great	time	with	amazing	people.	Will	be	back	soon!																																							
Thank	you	Geraldo	for	your	nice	words	on	@oreillyfactor	tonight.	You	are	a	TRUE	champion!	Thank	@ericbolling	-	great	guy!																																		
	#HarveyPitt	on	@TeamCavuto	-	he	was	great!																																														
candidate	by	state	as	seen	in	the	#GOPDebate	media	filing	center.	WE	WILL	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!	https://t.co/nwKPRmWFNr																																				
Graham	embarrassed	himself	with	his	failed	run	for	President	and	now	further	embarrasses	himself	with	endorsement	of	Bush.																																				
who	did	poorly	last	night	in	the	debate	and	whose	chances	of	winning	are	zero	just	got	Graham	endorsement.	Graham	quit	at	O.																															
Donald	Trump	Widens	His	Lead	in	Republican	Presidential	Race.	#Trump2016	https://t.co/r2i8FHPjB4																																											
think	Iran	would	have	acted	so	tough	if	they	were	Russian	sailors?	Our	country	was	humiliated.																																						
#Trump2016	https://t.co/Xb04Quqj1M	https://t.co/3xdEXZV5Ge																																																			
looks	more	and	more	like	a	paper	tiger.	Won't	be	that	way	if	I	win!																																							
the	United	States	with	the	capture	of	our	10	sailors.	Horrible	pictures	&amp;	images.	We	are	weak.	I	will	NOT	forget!																																	
is	a	dumb	guy	who	fails	@	virtually	everything	he	touches.	Romney	campaignhis	booketc.	Why	does	@andersoncooper	put	him	on?																																		
@CNN	&amp;	@andersoncooper	waste	airtime	by	putting	failed	campaign	strategist	Stuart	Stevens	-	who	lost	BIG	for	Romney	-	on	the	show?																																
job	on	#FoxNews	with	@greta.	That	was	better	than	I	could	do!	#Trump2016																																									
#VoteTrump	https://t.co/y7pnMqCs7j																																																				
IOWA!	Highly	respected	@OANN	@GravisMarketing	poll	just	released.	#VoteTrump	#IowaCaucus	https://t.co/Ecs9XYXaXL																																											
#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/g7eeySMUdl																																																					
would	increase	voter	turnout.	#VoteTrump	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016https://t.co/6kjCaStCjG																																															
is	no	way	that	Ted	Cruz	can	continue	running	in	the	Republican	Primary	unless	he	can	erase	doubt	on	eligibility.	Dems	will	sue!																															
for	your	support	last	night	Iowa!	#VoteTrump	#Trump2016	#IACaucus	#FITN	#IAPolitics	https://t.co/xRvznATrU7																																										
with	U.S.	days	before	we	pay	them	ridiculously	billions	of	dollars.	Don't	release	money.	We	want	our	hostages	back	NOW!																																		
have	me	beating	Hillary	Clinton.	In	a	race	with	her	voter	turnout	will	be	the	highest	in	U.S.	history-I	get	most	new	voters!																															
Of	The	Union	speech	was	one	of	the	most	boring	rambling	and	non-substantive	I	have	heard	in	a	long	time.	New	leadership	fast!																															
out	that	@tedcruz	is	spending	a	fortune	on	Iowa	push	polls	negative	to	me.	Not	nice	but	OK!	New	polls	are	great.																																
speech	is	really	boring	slow	lethargic	-	very	hard	to	watch!																																											
deal	is	terrible.	Why	didn't	we	get	the	uranium	stockpile	-	it	was	sent	to	Russia.	#SOTU																																					
poll.	#Trump2016https://t.co/sFPRHHeLbd																																																				
Iowa	poll	just	released.	Thank	you!	#IACaucus	#FITN	https://t.co/RGkrruqpM7																																													
serious	problem	for	Ted	&amp;	the	GOP.	Great	doubt	Dems	will	sue!	Let's	all	work	together	to	solve	this	problem.	https://t.co/cNl6dmFb6q																																	
way	to	Cedar	Falls	Iowa	now.	Will	be	great--I	love	the	people	of	Iowa!																																								
#Trump2016	https://t.co/QmDcCKppEu																																																				
Show	begins	in	5	minutes.	Enjoy!																																																
advise	to	Mitt	Romney	made	victory	an	impossibility.	Don't	blame	Mitt!	Now	Stevens	can't	get	a	job!																																					
on	@CNN		tonight.	@kayleighmcenany	is	a	winner!	@donlemon																																													
to	watch	The	Tonight	Show	with	the	wonderful	@jimmyfallon	at	11:30	P.M.	You	will	not	be	disappointed!		@NBC																																			
Nation's	interview	of	me	was	the	highest	rated	show	that	they	have	had	in	15	years.	Congratulations	and	WOW!		@CBSNews	@jdickerson																																
Garrett	of	@CBSNews	covers	me	very	inaccurately.	Total	agenda	bad	reporter!																																											
Michael	Harrison	@Talkersmagazine	for	your	kind	words	-	greatly	appreciated!																																												
on	@FallonTonight	with	@JimmyFallon	on	@NBC	at	11:35pmE.	Enjoy!	#Trump2016	https://t.co/Z9zbKfXJqb																																											
said	that	she	can’t	be	wooed	by	Trump.	She	is	so	average	in	every	way	who	the	hell	wants	to	woo	her!																																
poll.	Thank	you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/19sshZ8dSu																																																	
retiring	their	elephants--	the	circus	will	never	be	the	same.																																												
@jdickerson	of	Face	the	Nation	on	his	highest	ratings	in	15	years.	4.6	million	people	watched	my	interview!	Thank	you!																																		
in	New	Hampshire.	Thank	you	to	all	of	my	supporters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain	#Trump2016	https://t.co/KSguIhkIwa																																										
of	@ABC	news	to	throw	out	the	failing	@UnionLeader	newspaper	from	their	debate.	Paper	won't	survive	highly	unethical!																																				
on	Fox	this	morning	@KatiePavlich.	I	am	sending	out	for	your	book	immediately.	Thank	you	very	much!																																					
my	friend	@TheSlyStallone	on	winning	a	#GoldenGlobe.	A	wonderful	guy-	who	has	created	something	special-	well	deserved!																																					
@ThisWeekABC	w/	@GStephanopoulos	allow	a	hater	&amp;	racist	like	@tavissmiley	to	waste	good	airtime?	@ABC	can	do	much	better	than	him!																																	
to	our	law	enforcement	officers!	#LESM	#Trump2016	https://t.co/sfuuVrx33E																																														
refuses	to	comment	as	to	why	they	were	kicked	out	of	the	ABC	News	debate	like	a	dog.	For	starters	try	getting	a	new	publisher!																													
lost	all	credibility	under	Joe	McQuaid	w	circulation	dropping	to	record	lows.	They	aren't	worthy	of	representing	the	great	people	NH.																																	
really	unfair	and	a	conflict	for	all	the	other	candidates.	I	said	it	should	not	be	allowed	and	ABC	agreed.																																		
highly	unethical	behavior	including	begging	me	for	ads	isn’t	questionable	enough	they	have	endorsed	a	candidate	who	can’t	win.																																			
pleased	to	announce	that	I	had	the	Union	Leader	removed	from	the	upcoming	debate.	https://t.co/DL8hDPzHoi																																							
TIME	magazine!	I	am	on	the	cover.	Take	it	out	in	4	years	and	read	it	again!	Just	watch...																																			
for	Reno	Nevada	for	a	big	rally.	Good	poll	numberd	all	over!																																										
just	out	@FoxNews	Poll	I	easily	beat	Hillary	Clinton	-	and	I	havn't	even	focused	on	her	yet.	On	our	way:	MAKE	AMERICA	GREAT	AGAIN!																													
Iowa	was	amazing	-	two	speeches	in	front	of	two	great	sold	out	crowds.	They	love	that	I	am	the	only	candidate	self-funding!																															
to	thank	the	people	of	Iowa	for	an	unbelievable	day.	The	crowds	were	amazing.	Will	be	back	Tuesday!																																				
on	Meet	the	Press	with	@ChuckTodd	tomorrow	morning.	Enjoy!																																													
be	interviewed	by	Chris	Wallace	on	Fox	tomorrow	morning.	Tune	in!																																											
the	@UnionLeader	from	having	anything	to	do	w/	ABC	debate.	Their	unethical	record	doesn't	give	them	the	right	to	be	involved!																																	
brilliantly	tells	it	like	it	is	--	the	real	deal!	Read	it!	https://t.co/9n5CCrefKn																																									
Magazine	has	me	on	the	cover	this	week.	David	Von	Drehle	has	written	one	of	the	best	stories	I	have	ever	had.																																
so	much.	Earnest	must	have	been	a	great	person.	https://t.co/2DZp7YOadj	https://t.co/2YtLlEwceB																																											
on	@seanhannity	and	appreciate	your	statements	---	I	have	been	waiting	for	them	for	a	long	time.	Thank	you.																																			
@TheFix-	Chris	Cillizza.	It	is	a	TRUE	person	of	character	that	can	change	his	opinion	&amp;	do	what	is	right.	https://t.co/0VxlT9iEbr																																	
expert		#Laurence	Tribe	of	Harvard	says	"wrong,to,say,it,(natural,born,citizen),is,a,settled,matter-it,isn't,settled).
South,Carolina,rally,last,night,was,so,unbelievably,exciting,(and,fun).,I,am,now,off,to,Iowa,for,two,big,rallies,-,packed,houses.,Love,it!
Pat,Buchanan,gave,a,fantastic,interview,this,morning,on,@CNN,-,way,to,go,Pat,way,ahead,of,your,time!
Great,even,in,SC,tonight!,Fire,Marshall,would,not,let,everyone,in--,5000,turned,away.,Thank,you,for,coming!
Will,be,at,venue,in,wonderful,South,Carolina,very,soon.,Big,traffic,back-up,tremendous,crowd!,Will,be,wild.
#FoxNews,Poll,-,THANK,YOU!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain,#Trump2016,https://t.co/dKuyzLRTZ3
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain,#Trump2016,https://t.co/3HmclWL9GT
Love,seeing,union,&amp;,non-union,members,alike,are,defecting,to,Trump.,I,will,create,jobs,like,no,one,else.,Their,#Dem,leaders,can’t,compete!
I,hope,all,workers,demand,that,their,@Teamsters,reps,endorse,Donald,J.,Trump.,Nobody,knows,jobs,like,I,do!,Don’t,let,them,sell,you,out!
On,my,way,to,South,Carolina.,Big,Crowd---,look,forward,to,it!
Not,good,news,for,Jeb,Bush,,https://t.co/5CrP5zdXsz
Hank,Greenberg,formerly,of,AIG,gave,$10,million,to,the,@JebBush,campaign,3,months,ago.,He,is,not,happy,a,total,waste,of,money!
Great,time,in,Burlington,Vermont.,Crowd,was,amazing.
We,could,only,get,a,small,fraction,of,this,25k,crowd,in.,The,movement,to,Make,America,Great,Again,is,unbelievable!,https://t.co/NHPdGm57YJ
I'm,leaving,now,for,Burlington,Vermont.,It,will,be,wild!
Joy,Behar,who,was,fired,from,her,last,show,for,lack,of,ratings,is,even,worse,on,@TheView.,We,love,Barbara!
The,@TheView,@ABC,once,great,when,headed,by,@BarbaraJWalters,is,now,in,total,freefall.,Whoopi,Goldberg,is,terrible.,Very,sad!
Hillary,and,her,friends!,https://t.co/q45tTapqMI
Weak,&amp;,ineffective,@JebBush,is,doing,ads,where,he,shows,his,statement,in,the,debate,but,not,my,response.,False,advertising!
I,have,an,idea,for,@JebBush,whose,campaign,is,a,disaster.,Try,using,your,last,name,and,don't,be,ashamed,of,it!
.@SenTedCruz,Ted--free,legal,advice,on,how,to,pre-empt,the,Dems,on,citizen,issue.,Go,to,court,now,&amp;,seek,Declaratory,Judgment--you,will,win!
Massive,crowd,in,VT,tonight.,Venue,not,big,enough.,Officials,say,NO,to,outside,event,and,sound,system.,Arrive,early!
Man,shot,inside,Paris,police,station.,Just,announced,that,terror,threat,is,at,highest,level.,Germany,is,a,total,mess-big,crime.,GET,SMART!
I,will,be,in,beautiful,Burlington,Vermont,tonight,for,a,rally.,Will,be,great,fun.,MAKE,AMERICA,GREAT,AGAIN!
It,was,a,very,wise,move,that,Ted,Cruz,renounced,his,Canadian,citizenship,18,months,ago.,Senator,John,McCain,is,certainly,no,friend,of,Ted!
.@Macys,was,one,of,the,worst,performing,stocks,on,the,S&amp;P,last,year,plunging,46%.,Very,disloyal,company.,Another,win,for,Trump!,Boycott.
The,failing,@UnionLeader,newspaper,in,N.H.,just,sent,The,Trump,Organization,a,letter,asking,that,we,take,ads.,How,stupid,how,desperate!
Do,you,believe,that,@UnionLeader,in,NH,was,demanding,ads?,Look,at,enclosed,letter,from,them,just,received:,https://t.co/NucdHBZAH9
I,will,be,on,@wolfblitzer,for,a,@CNNSitRoom,interview,today.,Please,join,us,5PM,ET.
Huge,crowd,expected,tomorrow,night!,VT,Police,say,first,come,first,serve.,Arrive,early!
Don’t,like,@SamuelLJackson’s,golf,swing.,,Not,athletic.,I’ve,won,many,club,championships.,Play,him,for,charity!
I,don’t,cheat,at,golf,but,@SamuelLJackson,cheats—with,his,game,he,has,no,choice—and,stop,doing,commercials!
HAPPY,BIRTHDAY,to,my,son,@EricTrump!,Very,proud,of,you!https://t.co/ZHMKIqnUwL,https://t.co/IJzW2NDJyA
Germany,is,going,through,massive,attacks,to,its,people,,by,the,migrants,allowed,to,enter,the,country.,New,Years,Eve,was,a,disaster.,THINK!
I,am,in,New,Hampshire.,Just,received,great,news,from,Reuters,poll.,Thank,you,for,your,support!,https://t.co/yzp9dGfbce
I,don’t,know,@SamuelLJackson,to,best,of,my,knowledge,haven't,played,golf,w/him,&amp;,think,he,does,too,many,TV,commercials—boring.,Not,a,fan.
Wow,@UnionLeader,circulation,in,NH,has,dropped,from,75000,to,around,10—bad,management.,No,wonder,they,begged,me,for,ads.
The,rally,in,Lowell,Massachusetts,was,amazing.,10000,people,going,wild.,MAKE,AMERICA,GREAT,AGAIN!
Woody,Johnson,owner,of,the,NYJets,is,@JebBush’s,finance,chairman.,If,Woody,would’ve,been,w/me,he,would’ve,been,in,the,playoffs,at,least!
I,look,forward,to,being,in,Lowell,Massachusetts,today.,I,hear,a,very,big,crowd,is,expected--we,will,have,lots,of,fun!
By,the,way,Hillary,&amp;,the,MSM,forgot,to,mention,that,Hillary,is,in,the,Al-Shabaab,terror,video.,https://t.co/gRannsRXJr
The,worst,thing,Hillary,could,do,is,have,her,husband,campaign,for,her.,Just,watch.
Iran,with,all,of,the,money,and,all,else,given,to,them,by,Obama,has,wanted,a,way,to,take,over,Saudi,Arabia,&amp;,their,oil.,THEY,JUST,FOUND,IT!
.@RuthMarcus,of,the,@washingtonpost,was,terrible,today,on,Face,The,Nation.No,focus,poor,level,of,concentration-but,correct,on,Hillary,lying
.@chucktodd,said,today,on,@meetthepress,that,attacking"	Bill	to	get	to	Hillary	has	never	worked	before."	Wrong	-	attacked	him	in	'08	&amp;	won!																													
remember	when	Bill	Clinton	in	2008	worked	long	and	hard	for	Hillary?	She	LOST!	Now	Bill	is	at	it	again.	Just	watch.																																
for	your	support	in	Biloxi	MS!	Let's	ALL	get	out	&amp;	VOTE	in	2016	so	we	can	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	https://t.co/RSZF12Kyhn																																			
that	guns	don't	keep	you	safe.	If	she	really	believes	that	she	should	demand	that	her	heavily	armed	bodyguards	quickly	disarm!																																	
ISIS	just	made	a	video	on	me	-	they	all	will	as	front-runner	&amp;	if	I	speak	out	against	them	which	I	must.	Hillary	lied!																													
lied	last	week	when	she	said	ISIS	made	a	D.T.	video.	The	video	that	ISIS	made	was	about	her	husband	being	a	degenerate.																															
from	Mississippi	-	a	great	evening.																																																
#Biloxi	#Mississippi!	Remember	this	night	&amp;	spread	the	word	to	get	out	&amp;	#VoteTrump2016!	https://t.co/hfYdkY5DKq																																							
in	Mississippi	for	the	rally.	Word	is	that	the	crowd	is	overflowing	and	massive.	Will	be	an	amazing	evening!																																			
Biloxi	Mississippi.	Massive	crowds	expected.	Thank	you	for	your	support!	#VoteTrump2016	https://t.co/1VMngEMLzT																																										
am	self-funding	my	campaign	the	only	one	in	either	party.	I'm	not	controlled	by	lobbyists	or	special	interests-only	the	U.S.A.!																																		
look	at	all	of	the	money	the	special	interests	and	lobbyists	are	giving	to	candidates	beware	-	the	candidates	are	mere	puppets	$$$$!																															
Bill	Clinton	starts	talking	about	women's	issues	so	that	voters	can	see	what	a	hypocrite	he	is	and	how	Hillary	abused	those	women!																															
doesn't	have	the	strength	or	stamina	to	be	president.	Jeb	Bush	is	a	low	energy	individual	but	Hillary	is	not	much	better!																																
said	that	it	is	O.K.	to	ban	Muslims	from	Israel	by	building	a	WALL	but	not	O.K.	to	do	so	in	the	U.S.	We	must	be	vigilant!																											
a	low	energy	stiff	who	should	focus	his	special	interest	money	on	the	many	people	ahead	of	him	in	the	polls.	Has	no	chance!																														
a	sad	case.	A	total	embarrassment	to	both	himself	and	his	family	he	just	announced	he	will	continue	to	spend	on	Trump	hit	ads!																														
expected	in	Mississippi	tomorrow	night.	Look	forward	to	it!	2015	IN	PHOTOS:	https://t.co/29z0XuXVf0	https://t.co/utrl0UnQau																																								
together	we	will	#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!	THANK	YOU	for	your	support!	https://t.co/bziqUSHnbi																																												
so	much	to	https://t.co/8OMryrUVET	for	naming	me	the	2015	Man	of	the	Year.	This	is	indeed	a	great	honor	for	me!																																	
that	Hillary	Clinton	least	wants	to	run	against	is	by	far	me.	It	will	be	the	largest	voter	turnout	ever	-	she	will	be	swamped!																													
be	going	to	Mississippi	tomorrow	night	-	hear	the	crowds	are	going	to	be	massive!	Look	forward	to	it.																																			